<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><b></b>
	 <head><b></b>
		 <title><b>Intr</b>oduction, <b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>o</b>f <b>Hu</b>man <b>Na</b>ture </title><b></b>
		 <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><b></b>
		 <meta charset="utf-8"/><b></b>
 <meta content="urn:uuid:c84fdda8-50ed-4751-b136-5a64b0758f05" name="Adept.expected.resource"/><b></b>
	 </head><b></b>
	 <body id="x9780698184541_EPUB-5"><b></b>
		 <div><b>
</b>			 <h1 class="x03-Chapter-TItle-BRK" id="_idParaDest-6"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_xiii" title="xiii"/><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_xiv" title="xiv"/><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_1" title="1"/><b>Intr</b>oduction </h1><b>
</b>			 <p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph"><b>I</b>f <b>y</b>ou <b>c</b>ome <b>ac</b>ross <b>a</b>ny <b>sp</b>ecial <b>tr</b>ait <b>o</b>f <b>mea</b>nness <b>o</b>r <b>stup</b>idity . . . <b>y</b>ou <b>m</b>ust <b>b</b>e <b>ca</b>reful <b>n</b>ot <b>t</b>o <b>l</b>et <b>i</b>t <b>an</b>noy <b>o</b>r <b>dis</b>tress <b>y</b>ou, <b>b</b>ut <b>t</b>o <b>l</b>ook <b>u</b>pon <b>i</b>t <b>me</b>rely <b>a</b>s <b>a</b>n <b>add</b>ition <b>t</b>o <b>y</b>our <b>know</b>ledge—a <b>n</b>ew <b>f</b>act <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>con</b>sidered <b>i</b>n <b>stu</b>dying <b>t</b>he <b>cha</b>racter <b>o</b>f <b>hum</b>anity. <b>Y</b>our <b>att</b>itude <b>to</b>wards <b>i</b>t <b>w</b>ill <b>b</b>e <b>t</b>hat <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>mine</b>ralogist <b>w</b>ho <b>stu</b>mbles <b>u</b>pon <b>a</b> <b>v</b>ery <b>char</b>acteristic <b>spe</b>cimen <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>min</b>eral. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><b>—</b>Arthur <b>Scho</b>penhauer </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><b>Thr</b>oughout <b>t</b>he <b>co</b>urse <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>li</b>ves, <b>w</b>e <b>ine</b>vitably <b>h</b>ave <b>t</b>o <b>d</b>eal <b>w</b>ith <b>a</b> <b>va</b>riety <b>o</b>f <b>indi</b>viduals <b>w</b>ho <b>s</b>tir <b>u</b>p <b>tr</b>ouble <b>a</b>nd <b>m</b>ake <b>o</b>ur <b>li</b>ves <b>dif</b>ficult <b>a</b>nd <b>unpl</b>easant. <b>S</b>ome <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>ese <b>indi</b>viduals <b>a</b>re <b>le</b>aders <b>o</b>r <b>bo</b>sses, <b>s</b>ome <b>a</b>re <b>coll</b>eagues, <b>a</b>nd <b>s</b>ome <b>a</b>re <b>fri</b>ends. <b>T</b>hey <b>c</b>an <b>b</b>e <b>agg</b>ressive <b>o</b>r <b>pass</b>ive-aggressive, <b>b</b>ut <b>t</b>hey <b>a</b>re <b>gen</b>erally <b>ma</b>sters <b>a</b>t <b>pl</b>aying <b>o</b>n <b>o</b>ur <b>emo</b>tions. <b>T</b>hey <b>of</b>ten <b>ap</b>pear <b>cha</b>rming <b>a</b>nd <b>refr</b>eshingly <b>con</b>fident, <b>bri</b>mming <b>w</b>ith <b>id</b>eas <b>a</b>nd <b>enth</b>usiasm, <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>e <b>f</b>all <b>un</b>der <b>th</b>eir <b>sp</b>ell. <b>O</b>nly <b>w</b>hen <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>oo <b>l</b>ate <b>d</b>o <b>w</b>e <b>dis</b>cover <b>t</b>hat <b>th</b>eir <b>con</b>fidence <b>i</b>s <b>irr</b>ational <b>a</b>nd <b>th</b>eir <b>id</b>eas <b>ill-</b>conceived. <b>Am</b>ong <b>coll</b>eagues, <b>t</b>hey <b>c</b>an <b>b</b>e <b>th</b>ose <b>w</b>ho <b>sab</b>otage <b>o</b>ur <b>w</b>ork <b>o</b>r <b>ca</b>reers <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>f <b>se</b>cret <b>en</b>vy, <b>ex</b>cited <b>t</b>o <b>br</b>ing <b>u</b>s <b>do</b>wn. <b>O</b>r <b>t</b>hey <b>co</b>uld <b>b</b>e <b>col</b>leagues <b>o</b>r <b>hi</b>res <b>w</b>ho <b>re</b>veal, <b>t</b>o <b>o</b>ur <b>di</b>smay, <b>t</b>hat <b>t</b>hey <b>a</b>re <b>com</b>pletely <b>o</b>ut <b>f</b>or <b>them</b>selves, <b>us</b>ing <b>u</b>s <b>a</b>s <b>step</b>ping-stones. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>hat <b>ine</b>vitably <b>ha</b>ppens <b>i</b>n <b>th</b>ese <b>sit</b>uations <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>ca</b>ught <b>o</b>ff <b>gu</b>ard, <b>n</b>ot <b>exp</b>ecting <b>s</b>uch <b>beh</b>avior. <b>Of</b>ten <b>th</b>ese <b>ty</b>pes <b>w</b>ill <b>h</b>it <b>u</b>s <b>w</b>ith <b>ela</b>borate <b>co</b>ver <b>st</b>ories <b>t</b>o <b>ju</b>stify <b>th</b>eir <b>act</b>ions, <b>o</b>r <b>bl</b>ame <b>ha</b>ndy <b>scap</b>egoats. <b>T</b>hey <b>k</b>now <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>o <b>co</b>nfuse <b>u</b>s <b>a</b>nd <b>d</b>raw <b>u</b>s <b>i</b>nto <b>a</b> <b>dr</b>ama <b>t</b>hey <b>con</b>trol. <b>W</b>e <b>mi</b>ght <b>pr</b>otest <b>o</b>r <b>be</b>come <b>an</b>gry, <b>b</b>ut <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>e</b>nd <b>w</b>e <b>f</b>eel <b>ra</b>ther <b>help</b>less—the <b>da</b>mage <b>i</b>s <b>do</b>ne. <b>T</b>hen <b>an</b>other <b>s</b>uch <b>t</b>ype <b>en</b>ters <b>o</b>ur <b>li</b>fe, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>s</b>ame <b>st</b>ory <b>re</b>peats <b>it</b>self. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>e <b>of</b>ten <b>no</b>tice <b>a</b> <b>si</b>milar <b>sen</b>sation <b>o</b>f <b>con</b>fusion <b>a</b>nd <b>help</b>lessness <b>w</b>hen <b>i</b>t <b>co</b>mes <b>t</b>o <b>our</b>selves <b>a</b>nd <b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>beh</b>avior. <b>F</b>or <b>ins</b>tance, <b>w</b>e <b>sud</b>denly <b>s</b>ay <b>som</b>ething <b>t</b>hat <b>of</b>fends <b>o</b>ur <b>b</b>oss <b>o</b>r <b>col</b>league <b>o</b>r <b>frie</b>nd—we <b>a</b>re <b>n</b>ot <b>qu</b>ite <b>s</b>ure <b>wh</b>ere <b>i</b>t <b>c</b>ame <b>fr</b>om, <b>b</b>ut <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>fru</b>strated <b>t</b>o <b>f</b>ind <b>t</b>hat <b>s</b>ome <b>an</b>ger <b>a</b>nd <b>te</b>nsion <b>f</b>rom <b>wi</b>thin <b>h</b>as <b>le</b>aked <b>o</b>ut <b>i</b>n <b>a</b> <b>w</b>ay <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>re</b>gret. <b>O</b>r <b>pe</b>rhaps <b>w</b>e <b>enth</b>usiastically <b>th</b>row <b>o</b>ur <b>we</b>ight <b>i</b>nto <b>s</b>ome <b>pr</b>oject <b>o</b>r <b>sc</b>heme, <b>o</b>nly <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>alize <b>i</b>t <b>w</b>as <b>qu</b>ite <b>fo</b>olish <b>a</b>nd <b>a</b> <b>ter</b>rible <b>wa</b>ste <b>o</b>f <b>ti</b>me. <b>O</b>r <b>pe</b>rhaps <b>w</b>e <b>f</b>all <b>i</b>n <b>l</b>ove <b>w</b>ith <b>a</b> <b>pe</b>rson <b>w</b>ho <b>i</b>s <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_2" title="2"/><b>pre</b>cisely <b>t</b>he <b>wr</b>ong <b>t</b>ype <b>f</b>or <b>u</b>s <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>e <b>k</b>now <b>i</b>t, <b>b</b>ut <b>w</b>e <b>ca</b>nnot <b>h</b>elp <b>our</b>selves. <b>W</b>hat <b>h</b>as <b>c</b>ome <b>o</b>ver <b>u</b>s, <b>w</b>e <b>wo</b>nder? </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>I</b>n <b>th</b>ese <b>situ</b>ations, <b>w</b>e <b>ca</b>tch <b>our</b>selves <b>fa</b>lling <b>i</b>nto <b>self</b>-destructive <b>pat</b>terns <b>o</b>f <b>beh</b>avior <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>ca</b>nnot <b>s</b>eem <b>t</b>o <b>con</b>trol. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>a</b>s <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>ha</b>rbor <b>a</b> <b>str</b>anger <b>wi</b>thin <b>u</b>s, <b>a</b> <b>li</b>ttle <b>de</b>mon <b>w</b>ho <b>ope</b>rates <b>inde</b>pendently <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>wil</b>lpower <b>a</b>nd <b>pu</b>shes <b>u</b>s <b>i</b>nto <b>do</b>ing <b>t</b>he <b>wr</b>ong <b>th</b>ings. <b>A</b>nd <b>t</b>his <b>str</b>anger <b>wi</b>thin <b>u</b>s <b>i</b>s <b>ra</b>ther <b>we</b>ird, <b>o</b>r <b>a</b>t <b>le</b>ast <b>we</b>irder <b>t</b>han <b>h</b>ow <b>w</b>e <b>im</b>agine <b>our</b>selves. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>s</b>ay <b>ab</b>out <b>th</b>ese <b>t</b>wo <b>thin</b>gs—people’s <b>u</b>gly <b>ac</b>tions <b>a</b>nd <b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>occa</b>sionally <b>sur</b>prising <b>beha</b>vior—is <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>us</b>ually <b>h</b>ave <b>n</b>o <b>c</b>lue <b>a</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>w</b>hat <b>ca</b>uses <b>th</b>em. <b>W</b>e <b>mi</b>ght <b>la</b>tch <b>o</b>nto <b>s</b>ome <b>si</b>mple <b>expl</b>anations: <b></b> <b>pe</b>rson <b>i</b>s <b>ev</b>il, <b>a</b> <b>soci</b>opath” <b>o</b>r <b>“S</b>omething <b>c</b>ame <b>o</b>ver <b>m</b>e; <b>I</b> <b>was</b>n’t <b>mys</b>elf.” <b>B</b>ut <b>s</b>uch <b>p</b>at <b>desc</b>riptions <b>d</b>o <b>n</b>ot <b>l</b>ead <b>t</b>o <b>a</b>ny <b>unde</b>rstanding <b>o</b>r <b>pr</b>event <b>t</b>he <b>s</b>ame <b>pat</b>terns <b>f</b>rom <b>rec</b>urring. <b>T</b>he <b>tr</b>uth <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>hu</b>mans <b>l</b>ive <b>o</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>sur</b>face, <b>rea</b>cting <b>emot</b>ionally <b>t</b>o <b>w</b>hat <b>pe</b>ople <b>s</b>ay <b>a</b>nd <b>d</b>o. <b>W</b>e <b>f</b>orm <b>opi</b>nions <b>o</b>f <b>ot</b>hers <b>a</b>nd <b>our</b>selves <b>t</b>hat <b>a</b>re <b>ra</b>ther <b>simp</b>lified. <b>W</b>e <b>se</b>ttle <b>f</b>or <b>t</b>he <b>ea</b>siest <b>a</b>nd <b>m</b>ost <b>con</b>venient <b>st</b>ory <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>ell <b>our</b>selves. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>hat <b>i</b>f, <b>how</b>ever, <b>w</b>e <b>co</b>uld <b>d</b>ive <b>be</b>low <b>t</b>he <b>su</b>rface <b>a</b>nd <b>s</b>ee <b>d</b>eep <b>wi</b>thin, <b>ge</b>tting <b>cl</b>oser <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>ac</b>tual <b>ro</b>ots <b>o</b>f <b>w</b>hat <b>ca</b>uses <b>hu</b>man <b>beh</b>avior? <b>W</b>hat <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>co</b>uld <b>und</b>erstand <b>w</b>hy <b>s</b>ome <b>pe</b>ople <b>t</b>urn <b>en</b>vious <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>ry <b>t</b>o <b>sab</b>otage <b>o</b>ur <b>wo</b>rk, <b>o</b>r <b>w</b>hy <b>th</b>eir <b>mis</b>placed <b>con</b>fidence <b>ca</b>uses <b>t</b>hem <b>t</b>o <b>im</b>agine <b>the</b>mselves <b>a</b>s <b>go</b>dlike <b>a</b>nd <b>infa</b>llible? <b>W</b>hat <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>co</b>uld <b>tr</b>uly <b>fa</b>thom <b>w</b>hy <b>pe</b>ople <b>sud</b>denly <b>be</b>have <b>irra</b>tionally <b>a</b>nd <b>re</b>veal <b>a</b> <b>m</b>uch <b>da</b>rker <b>s</b>ide <b>t</b>o <b>th</b>eir <b>cha</b>racter, <b>o</b>r <b>w</b>hy <b>t</b>hey <b>a</b>re <b>al</b>ways <b>re</b>ady <b>t</b>o <b>pr</b>ovide <b>a</b> <b>rati</b>onalization <b>f</b>or <b>th</b>eir <b>beh</b>avior, <b>o</b>r <b>w</b>hy <b>w</b>e <b>cont</b>inually <b>t</b>urn <b>t</b>o <b>le</b>aders <b>w</b>ho <b>ap</b>peal <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>wo</b>rst <b>i</b>n <b>u</b>s? <b>W</b>hat <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>co</b>uld <b>l</b>ook <b>d</b>eep <b>in</b>side <b>a</b>nd <b>ju</b>dge <b>peo</b>ple’s <b>cha</b>racter, <b>avo</b>iding <b>t</b>he <b>b</b>ad <b>hi</b>res <b>a</b>nd <b>per</b>sonal <b>rela</b>tionships <b>t</b>hat <b>ca</b>use <b>u</b>s <b>s</b>o <b>m</b>uch <b>emo</b>tional <b>da</b>mage? </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>I</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>re</b>ally <b>und</b>erstood <b>t</b>he <b>ro</b>ots <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>beh</b>avior, <b>i</b>t <b>wo</b>uld <b>b</b>e <b>m</b>uch <b>ha</b>rder <b>f</b>or <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ore <b>dest</b>ructive <b>ty</b>pes <b>t</b>o <b>cont</b>inually <b>g</b>et <b>a</b>way <b>w</b>ith <b>th</b>eir <b>act</b>ions. <b>W</b>e <b>wo</b>uld <b>n</b>ot <b>b</b>e <b>s</b>o <b>ea</b>sily <b>ch</b>armed <b>a</b>nd <b>mi</b>sled. <b>W</b>e <b>wo</b>uld <b>b</b>e <b>a</b>ble <b>t</b>o <b>ant</b>icipate <b>th</b>eir <b>na</b>sty <b>a</b>nd <b>mani</b>pulative <b>man</b>euvers <b>a</b>nd <b>s</b>ee <b>th</b>rough <b>th</b>eir <b>co</b>ver <b>sto</b>ries. <b>W</b>e <b>wo</b>uld <b>n</b>ot <b>al</b>low <b>our</b>selves <b>t</b>o <b>g</b>et <b>dr</b>agged <b>i</b>nto <b>th</b>eir <b>dr</b>amas, <b>kn</b>owing <b>i</b>n <b>ad</b>vance <b>t</b>hat <b>o</b>ur <b>int</b>erest <b>i</b>s <b>w</b>hat <b>t</b>hey <b>de</b>pend <b>o</b>n <b>f</b>or <b>th</b>eir <b>con</b>trol. <b>W</b>e <b>wo</b>uld <b>fi</b>nally <b>r</b>ob <b>t</b>hem <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>eir <b>po</b>wer <b>th</b>rough <b>o</b>ur <b>ab</b>ility <b>t</b>o <b>l</b>ook <b>i</b>nto <b>t</b>he <b>de</b>pths <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>eir <b>cha</b>racter. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Sim</b>ilarly, <b>w</b>ith <b>our</b>selves, <b>w</b>hat <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>co</b>uld <b>l</b>ook <b>wi</b>thin <b>a</b>nd <b>s</b>ee <b>t</b>he <b>so</b>urce <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>m</b>ore <b>tro</b>ubling <b>emo</b>tions <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>hy <b>t</b>hey <b>dr</b>ive <b>o</b>ur <b>beh</b>avior, <b>of</b>ten <b>ag</b>ainst <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_3" title="3"/><b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>wi</b>shes? <b>W</b>hat <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>co</b>uld <b>und</b>erstand <b>w</b>hy <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>s</b>o <b>com</b>pelled <b>t</b>o <b>de</b>sire <b>w</b>hat <b>ot</b>her <b>pe</b>ople <b>ha</b>ve, <b>o</b>r <b>t</b>o <b>ide</b>ntify <b>s</b>o <b>str</b>ongly <b>w</b>ith <b>a</b> <b>gr</b>oup <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>f</b>eel <b>con</b>tempt <b>f</b>or <b>th</b>ose <b>w</b>ho <b>a</b>re <b>o</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>out</b>side? <b>W</b>hat <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>co</b>uld <b>f</b>ind <b>o</b>ut <b>w</b>hat <b>ca</b>uses <b>u</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>l</b>ie <b>ab</b>out <b>w</b>ho <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re, <b>o</b>r <b>t</b>o <b>inad</b>vertently <b>p</b>ush <b>pe</b>ople <b>aw</b>ay? </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Be</b>ing <b>a</b>ble <b>t</b>o <b>und</b>erstand <b>m</b>ore <b>cl</b>early <b>t</b>hat <b>str</b>anger <b>wi</b>thin <b>u</b>s <b>wo</b>uld <b>h</b>elp <b>u</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>alize <b>t</b>hat <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>n</b>ot <b>a</b> <b>str</b>anger <b>a</b>t <b>a</b>ll <b>b</b>ut <b>v</b>ery <b>m</b>uch <b>a</b> <b>p</b>art <b>o</b>f <b>our</b>selves, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>f</b>ar <b>m</b>ore <b>myst</b>erious, <b>com</b>plex, <b>a</b>nd <b>inte</b>resting <b>t</b>han <b>w</b>e <b>h</b>ad <b>ima</b>gined. <b>A</b>nd <b>w</b>ith <b>t</b>hat <b>awa</b>reness <b>w</b>e <b>wo</b>uld <b>b</b>e <b>a</b>ble <b>t</b>o <b>br</b>eak <b>t</b>he <b>neg</b>ative <b>pat</b>terns <b>i</b>n <b>o</b>ur <b>li</b>ves, <b>s</b>top <b>ma</b>king <b>ex</b>cuses <b>f</b>or <b>our</b>selves, <b>a</b>nd <b>g</b>ain <b>be</b>tter <b>co</b>ntrol <b>o</b>f <b>w</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>d</b>o <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>hat <b>ha</b>ppens <b>t</b>o <b>u</b>s. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Ha</b>ving <b>s</b>uch <b>cl</b>arity <b>ab</b>out <b>our</b>selves <b>a</b>nd <b>ot</b>hers <b>co</b>uld <b>ch</b>ange <b>t</b>he <b>co</b>urse <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>li</b>ves <b>i</b>n <b>s</b>o <b>m</b>any <b>wa</b>ys, <b>b</b>ut <b>fi</b>rst <b>w</b>e <b>m</b>ust <b>cl</b>ear <b>u</b>p <b>a</b> <b>co</b>mmon <b>misc</b>onception: <b>w</b>e <b>t</b>end <b>t</b>o <b>th</b>ink <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>beh</b>avior <b>a</b>s <b>la</b>rgely <b>con</b>scious <b>a</b>nd <b>wi</b>lled. <b>T</b>o <b>im</b>agine <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>n</b>ot <b>al</b>ways <b>i</b>n <b>co</b>ntrol <b>o</b>f <b>w</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>d</b>o <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>frig</b>htening <b>tho</b>ught, <i><b>b</b>ut <b>i</b>n <b>f</b>act <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>re</b>ality </i><b>.</b> <b>W</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>su</b>bject <b>t</b>o <b>fo</b>rces <b>f</b>rom <b>d</b>eep <b>wi</b>thin <b>u</b>s <b>t</b>hat <b>dr</b>ive <b>o</b>ur <b>beh</b>avior <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>hat <b>op</b>erate <b>be</b>low <b>t</b>he <b>le</b>vel <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>awa</b>reness. <b>W</b>e <b>s</b>ee <b>t</b>he <b>resu</b>lts—our <b>tho</b>ughts, <b>mo</b>ods, <b>a</b>nd <b>acti</b>ons—but <b>h</b>ave <b>li</b>ttle <b>con</b>scious <b>ac</b>cess <b>t</b>o <b>w</b>hat <b>act</b>ually <b>mo</b>ves <b>o</b>ur <b>emo</b>tions <b>a</b>nd <b>co</b>mpels <b>u</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>be</b>have <b>i</b>n <b>ce</b>rtain <b>wa</b>ys. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>L</b>ook <b>a</b>t <b>o</b>ur <b>an</b>ger, <b>f</b>or <b>ins</b>tance. <b>W</b>e <b>us</b>ually <b>ide</b>ntify <b>a</b>n <b>ind</b>ividual <b>o</b>r <b>a</b> <b>gr</b>oup <b>a</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>ca</b>use <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>his <b>emo</b>tion. <b>B</b>ut <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>w</b>ere <b>ho</b>nest <b>a</b>nd <b>d</b>ug <b>d</b>own <b>de</b>eper, <b>w</b>e <b>wo</b>uld <b>s</b>ee <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>hat <b>of</b>ten <b>tri</b>ggers <b>o</b>ur <b>an</b>ger <b>o</b>r <b>frus</b>tration <b>h</b>as <b>de</b>eper <b>ro</b>ots. <b>I</b>t <b>co</b>uld <b>b</b>e <b>som</b>ething <b>i</b>n <b>o</b>ur <b>chi</b>ldhood <b>o</b>r <b>s</b>ome <b>par</b>ticular <b>s</b>et <b>o</b>f <b>circ</b>umstances <b>t</b>hat <b>tri</b>ggers <b>t</b>he <b>emo</b>tion. <b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>di</b>scern <b>dis</b>tinct <b>pat</b>terns <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>look</b>—when <b>t</b>his <b>o</b>r <b>t</b>hat <b>hap</b>pens, <b>w</b>e <b>g</b>et <b>an</b>gry. <b>B</b>ut <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>mo</b>ment <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>f</b>eel <b>an</b>ger, <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>n</b>ot <b>ref</b>lective <b>o</b>r <b>rati</b>onal—we <b>me</b>rely <b>r</b>ide <b>t</b>he <b>em</b>otion <b>a</b>nd <b>po</b>int <b>fin</b>gers. <b>W</b>e <b>co</b>uld <b>s</b>ay <b>som</b>ething <b>si</b>milar <b>ab</b>out <b>a</b> <b>wh</b>ole <b>s</b>lew <b>o</b>f <b>emo</b>tions <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>feel</b>—specific <b>ty</b>pes <b>o</b>f <b>ev</b>ents <b>tr</b>igger <b>su</b>dden <b>conf</b>idence, <b>o</b>r <b>inse</b>curity, <b>o</b>r <b>anx</b>iety, <b>o</b>r <b>att</b>raction <b>t</b>o <b>a</b> <b>par</b>ticular <b>pe</b>rson, <b>o</b>r <b>hu</b>nger <b>f</b>or <b>att</b>ention. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>L</b>et <b>u</b>s <b>c</b>all <b>t</b>he <b>col</b>lection <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>ese <b>fo</b>rces <b>t</b>hat <b>p</b>ush <b>a</b>nd <b>p</b>ull <b>a</b>t <b>u</b>s <b>f</b>rom <b>d</b>eep <b>wi</b>thin <i><b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture </i><b>.</b> <b>Hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>st</b>ems <b>f</b>rom <b>t</b>he <b>par</b>ticular <b>wi</b>ring <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>br</b>ains, <b>t</b>he <b>conf</b>iguration <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>ne</b>rvous <b>sy</b>stem, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>w</b>ay <b>w</b>e <b>hu</b>mans <b>pr</b>ocess <b>emo</b>tions, <b>a</b>ll <b>o</b>f <b>wh</b>ich <b>dev</b>eloped <b>a</b>nd <b>em</b>erged <b>o</b>ver <b>t</b>he <b>co</b>urse <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>f</b>ive <b>mi</b>llion <b>ye</b>ars <b>o</b>r <b>s</b>o <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>evo</b>lution <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>spe</b>cies. <b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>as</b>cribe <b>m</b>any <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>de</b>tails <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>na</b>ture <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>dis</b>tinct <b>w</b>ay <b>w</b>e <b>ev</b>olved <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>so</b>cial <b>an</b>imal <b>t</b>o <b>en</b>sure <b>o</b>ur <b>surv</b>ival—learning <b>t</b>o <b>coo</b>perate <b>w</b>ith <b>ot</b>hers, <b>coor</b>dinating <b>o</b>ur <b>ac</b>tions <b>w</b>ith <b>t</b>he <b>gr</b>oup <b>o</b>n <b>a</b> <b>h</b>igh <b>le</b>vel, <b>cre</b>ating <b>no</b>vel <b>fo</b>rms <b>o</b>f <b>comm</b>unication <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_4" title="4"/><b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>ays <b>o</b>f <b>main</b>taining <b>gr</b>oup <b>disc</b>ipline. <b>T</b>his <b>ea</b>rly <b>deve</b>lopment <b>li</b>ves <b>o</b>n <b>wi</b>thin <b>u</b>s <b>a</b>nd <b>con</b>tinues <b>t</b>o <b>det</b>ermine <b>o</b>ur <b>beh</b>avior, <b>e</b>ven <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>mo</b>dern, <b>soph</b>isticated <b>wo</b>rld <b>w</b>e <b>l</b>ive <b>i</b>n. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>T</b>o <b>t</b>ake <b>o</b>ne <b>exa</b>mple, <b>l</b>ook <b>a</b>t <b>t</b>he <b>evo</b>lution <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>emo</b>tion. <b>T</b>he <b>sur</b>vival <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>ear</b>liest <b>anc</b>estors <b>dep</b>ended <b>o</b>n <b>th</b>eir <b>ab</b>ility <b>t</b>o <b>comm</b>unicate <b>w</b>ith <b>o</b>ne <b>an</b>other <b>w</b>ell <b>be</b>fore <b>t</b>he <b>inv</b>ention <b>o</b>f <b>lan</b>guage. <b>T</b>hey <b>ev</b>olved <b>n</b>ew <b>a</b>nd <b>co</b>mplex <b>emot</b>ions—joy, <b>sh</b>ame, <b>gra</b>titude, <b>jea</b>lousy, <b>rese</b>ntment, <b>e</b>t <b>ce</b>tera. <b>T</b>he <b>si</b>gns <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>ese <b>emo</b>tions <b>co</b>uld <b>b</b>e <b>r</b>ead <b>imme</b>diately <b>o</b>n <b>th</b>eir <b>fa</b>ces, <b>comm</b>unicating <b>th</b>eir <b>mo</b>ods <b>qu</b>ickly <b>a</b>nd <b>effe</b>ctively. <b>T</b>hey <b>be</b>came <b>ext</b>remely <b>per</b>meable <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>emo</b>tions <b>o</b>f <b>ot</b>hers <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>w</b>ay <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>ind <b>t</b>he <b>gr</b>oup <b>m</b>ore <b>ti</b>ghtly <b>toge</b>ther—to <b>f</b>eel <b>j</b>oy <b>o</b>r <b>gr</b>ief <b>a</b>s <b>one</b>—or <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>main <b>un</b>ited <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>f</b>ace <b>o</b>f <b>da</b>nger. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>T</b>o <b>t</b>his <b>d</b>ay, <b>w</b>e <b>hu</b>mans <b>re</b>main <b>hi</b>ghly <b>susc</b>eptible <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>mo</b>ods <b>a</b>nd <b>emo</b>tions <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>ose <b>ar</b>ound <b>u</b>s, <b>com</b>pelling <b>a</b>ll <b>ki</b>nds <b>o</b>f <b>beh</b>avior <b>o</b>n <b>o</b>ur <b>part</b>—unconsciously <b>imi</b>tating <b>ot</b>hers, <b>wa</b>nting <b>w</b>hat <b>t</b>hey <b>ha</b>ve, <b>ge</b>tting <b>sw</b>ept <b>u</b>p <b>i</b>n <b>vi</b>ral <b>fee</b>lings <b>o</b>f <b>an</b>ger <b>o</b>r <b>out</b>rage. <b>W</b>e <b>im</b>agine <b>we</b>’re <b>ac</b>ting <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>f</b>ree <b>wi</b>ll, <b>un</b>aware <b>o</b>f <b>h</b>ow <b>de</b>eply <b>o</b>ur <b>susc</b>eptibility <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>emo</b>tions <b>o</b>f <b>ot</b>hers <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>gr</b>oup <b>i</b>s <b>aff</b>ecting <b>w</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>d</b>o <b>a</b>nd <b>h</b>ow <b>w</b>e <b>res</b>pond. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>po</b>int <b>t</b>o <b>ot</b>her <b>s</b>uch <b>fo</b>rces <b>t</b>hat <b>em</b>erged <b>f</b>rom <b>t</b>his <b>d</b>eep <b>p</b>ast <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>hat <b>sim</b>ilarly <b>m</b>old <b>o</b>ur <b>eve</b>ryday <b>beha</b>vior—for <b>ins</b>tance, <b>o</b>ur <b>n</b>eed <b>t</b>o <b>cont</b>inually <b>r</b>ank <b>our</b>selves <b>a</b>nd <b>me</b>asure <b>o</b>ur <b>sel</b>f-worth <b>th</b>rough <b>o</b>ur <b>st</b>atus <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>tr</b>ait <b>t</b>hat <b>i</b>s <b>not</b>iceable <b>am</b>ong <b>a</b>ll <b>hunt</b>er-gatherer <b>cul</b>tures, <b>a</b>nd <b>e</b>ven <b>am</b>ong <b>chim</b>panzees, <b>a</b>s <b>a</b>re <b>o</b>ur <b>tr</b>ibal <b>ins</b>tincts, <b>wh</b>ich <b>ca</b>use <b>u</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>di</b>vide <b>pe</b>ople <b>i</b>nto <b>ins</b>iders <b>o</b>r <b>out</b>siders. <b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>a</b>dd <b>t</b>o <b>th</b>ese <b>pri</b>mitive <b>qua</b>lities <b>o</b>ur <b>n</b>eed <b>t</b>o <b>w</b>ear <b>ma</b>sks <b>t</b>o <b>dis</b>guise <b>a</b>ny <b>beh</b>avior <b>t</b>hat <b>i</b>s <b>fr</b>owned <b>u</b>pon <b>b</b>y <b>t</b>he <b>tr</b>ibe, <b>le</b>ading <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>for</b>mation <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>sh</b>adow <b>pers</b>onality <b>f</b>rom <b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>he <b>d</b>ark <b>de</b>sires <b>w</b>e <b>h</b>ave <b>rep</b>ressed. <b>O</b>ur <b>anc</b>estors <b>und</b>erstood <b>t</b>his <b>sh</b>adow <b>a</b>nd <b>i</b>ts <b>dang</b>erousness, <b>ima</b>gining <b>i</b>t <b>ori</b>ginated <b>f</b>rom <b>sp</b>irits <b>a</b>nd <b>de</b>mons <b>t</b>hat <b>ne</b>eded <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>exo</b>rcised. <b>W</b>e <b>r</b>ely <b>o</b>n <b>a</b> <b>dif</b>ferent <b>myth</b>—“something <b>c</b>ame <b>o</b>ver <b>me</b>.” </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>O</b>nce <b>t</b>his <b>pr</b>imal <b>cu</b>rrent <b>o</b>r <b>fo</b>rce <b>wi</b>thin <b>u</b>s <b>re</b>aches <b>t</b>he <b>le</b>vel <b>o</b>f <b>cons</b>ciousness, <b>w</b>e <b>h</b>ave <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>act <b>t</b>o <b>i</b>t, <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>e <b>d</b>o <b>s</b>o <b>dep</b>ending <b>o</b>n <b>o</b>ur <b>ind</b>ividual <b>sp</b>irit <b>a</b>nd <b>circ</b>umstances, <b>us</b>ually <b>exp</b>laining <b>i</b>t <b>a</b>way <b>supe</b>rficially <b>wi</b>thout <b>re</b>ally <b>unde</b>rstanding <b>i</b>t. <b>Be</b>cause <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>pr</b>ecise <b>w</b>ay <b>i</b>n <b>wh</b>ich <b>w</b>e <b>evo</b>lved, <b>th</b>ere <b>a</b>re <b>a</b> <b>li</b>mited <b>nu</b>mber <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>ese <b>fo</b>rces <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>hey <b>l</b>ead <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>beh</b>avior <b>men</b>tioned <b>abov</b>e—envy, <b>gran</b>diosity, <b>irra</b>tionality, <b>shor</b>tsightedness, <b>conf</b>ormity, <b>aggr</b>ession, <b>a</b>nd <b>pa</b>ssive <b>aggr</b>ession, <b>t</b>o <b>n</b>ame <b>a</b> <b>f</b>ew. <b>T</b>hey <b>a</b>lso <b>l</b>ead <b>t</b>o <b>em</b>pathy <b>a</b>nd <b>ot</b>her <b>pos</b>itive <b>fo</b>rms <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>beh</b>avior. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>F</b>or <b>tho</b>usands <b>o</b>f <b>ye</b>ars, <b>i</b>t <b>h</b>as <b>b</b>een <b>o</b>ur <b>f</b>ate <b>t</b>o <b>la</b>rgely <b>gr</b>ope <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>sh</b>adows <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_5" title="5"/><b>w</b>hen <b>i</b>t <b>co</b>mes <b>t</b>o <b>unde</b>rstanding <b>our</b>selves <b>a</b>nd <b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>na</b>ture. <b>W</b>e <b>h</b>ave <b>la</b>bored <b>un</b>der <b>s</b>o <b>m</b>any <b>ill</b>usions <b>ab</b>out <b>t</b>he <b>hu</b>man <b>anim</b>al—imagining <b>w</b>e <b>des</b>cended <b>mag</b>ically <b>f</b>rom <b>a</b> <b>di</b>vine <b>so</b>urce, <b>f</b>rom <b>an</b>gels <b>in</b>stead <b>o</b>f <b>pri</b>mates. <b>W</b>e <b>h</b>ave <b>fo</b>und <b>a</b>ny <b>si</b>gns <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>pri</b>mitive <b>na</b>ture <b>a</b>nd <b>o</b>ur <b>an</b>imal <b>ro</b>ots <b>de</b>eply <b>dist</b>ressing, <b>som</b>ething <b>t</b>o <b>d</b>eny <b>a</b>nd <b>rep</b>ress. <b>W</b>e <b>h</b>ave <b>co</b>vered <b>u</b>p <b>o</b>ur <b>da</b>rker <b>imp</b>ulses <b>w</b>ith <b>a</b>ll <b>ki</b>nds <b>o</b>f <b>ex</b>cuses <b>a</b>nd <b>rati</b>onalizations, <b>ma</b>king <b>i</b>t <b>ea</b>sier <b>f</b>or <b>s</b>ome <b>pe</b>ople <b>t</b>o <b>g</b>et <b>a</b>way <b>w</b>ith <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ost <b>unp</b>leasant <b>beh</b>avior. <b>B</b>ut <b>fi</b>nally <b>we</b>’re <b>a</b>t <b>a</b> <b>po</b>int <b>wh</b>ere <b>w</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>ove</b>rcome <b>o</b>ur <b>res</b>istance <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>tr</b>uth <b>ab</b>out <b>w</b>ho <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>th</b>rough <b>t</b>he <b>sh</b>eer <b>we</b>ight <b>o</b>f <b>kno</b>wledge <b>w</b>e <b>h</b>ave <b>n</b>ow <b>accu</b>mulated <b>ab</b>out <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>ex</b>ploit <b>t</b>he <b>v</b>ast <b>lit</b>erature <b>i</b>n <b>psy</b>chology <b>am</b>assed <b>o</b>ver <b>t</b>he <b>l</b>ast <b>o</b>ne <b>hu</b>ndred <b>ye</b>ars, <b>inc</b>luding <b>det</b>ailed <b>st</b>udies <b>o</b>f <b>chi</b>ldhood <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>im</b>pact <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>ea</b>rly <b>deve</b>lopment <b>(Me</b>lanie <b>Kl</b>ein, <b>J</b>ohn <b>Bo</b>wlby, <b>Do</b>nald <b>Winn</b>icott), <b>a</b>s <b>w</b>ell <b>a</b>s <b>wo</b>rks <b>o</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>ro</b>ots <b>o</b>f <b>nar</b>cissism <b>(H</b>einz <b>Ko</b>hut), <b>t</b>he <b>sh</b>adow <b>si</b>des <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>pers</b>onality <b>(C</b>arl <b>Ju</b>ng), <b>t</b>he <b>ro</b>ots <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>em</b>pathy <b>(S</b>imon <b>Baro</b>n-Cohen), <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>conf</b>iguration <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>emo</b>tions <b>(P</b>aul <b>Ek</b>man). <b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>n</b>ow <b>c</b>ull <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>any <b>adv</b>ances <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>sci</b>ences <b>t</b>hat <b>c</b>an <b>a</b>id <b>u</b>s <b>i</b>n <b>o</b>ur <b>self</b>-understanding—studies <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>br</b>ain <b>(An</b>tonio <b>Dam</b>asio, <b>Jo</b>seph <b>E</b>. <b>LeD</b>oux), <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>un</b>ique <b>bio</b>logical <b>ma</b>keup <b>(E</b>dward <b>O</b>. <b>Wil</b>son), <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>rela</b>tionship <b>be</b>tween <b>t</b>he <b>b</b>ody <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ind <b>(</b>V. <b>S</b>. <b>Rama</b>chandran), <b>o</b>f <b>pri</b>mates <b>(F</b>rans <b>d</b>e <b>Wa</b>al) <b>a</b>nd <b>hunt</b>er-gatherers <b>(J</b>ared <b>Dia</b>mond), <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>eco</b>nomic <b>beh</b>avior <b>(D</b>aniel <b>Kah</b>neman), <b>a</b>nd <b>o</b>f <b>h</b>ow <b>w</b>e <b>op</b>erate <b>i</b>n <b>gr</b>oups <b>(Wi</b>lfred <b>Bi</b>on, <b>El</b>liot <b>Aro</b>nson). </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>a</b>lso <b>in</b>clude <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>his <b>t</b>he <b>wo</b>rks <b>o</b>f <b>ce</b>rtain <b>phil</b>osophers <b>(A</b>rthur <b>Scho</b>penhauer, <b>Fri</b>edrich <b>Nie</b>tzsche, <b>Jo</b>sé <b>Or</b>tega <b>y</b> <b>Ga</b>sset) <b>w</b>ho <b>h</b>ave <b>illu</b>minated <b>s</b>o <b>m</b>any <b>as</b>pects <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture, <b>a</b>s <b>w</b>ell <b>a</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>ins</b>ights <b>o</b>f <b>m</b>any <b>nov</b>elists <b>(G</b>eorge <b>El</b>iot, <b>He</b>nry <b>Ja</b>mes, <b>Ra</b>lph <b>Ell</b>ison), <b>w</b>ho <b>a</b>re <b>of</b>ten <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ost <b>sen</b>sitive <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>un</b>seen <b>pa</b>rts <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>beh</b>avior. <b>A</b>nd <b>fin</b>ally, <b>w</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>in</b>clude <b>t</b>he <b>ra</b>pidly <b>exp</b>anding <b>li</b>brary <b>o</b>f <b>biog</b>raphies <b>n</b>ow <b>ava</b>ilable, <b>rev</b>ealing <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>i</b>n <b>de</b>pth <b>a</b>nd <b>i</b>n <b>ac</b>tion. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>T</b>his <b>b</b>ook <b>i</b>s <b>a</b>n <b>at</b>tempt <b>t</b>o <b>ga</b>ther <b>tog</b>ether <b>t</b>his <b>im</b>mense <b>sto</b>rehouse <b>o</b>f <b>kno</b>wledge <b>a</b>nd <b>id</b>eas <b>f</b>rom <b>dif</b>ferent <b>bra</b>nches <b>(</b>see <b>t</b>he <b>bibl</b>iography <b>f</b>or <b>t</b>he <b>k</b>ey <b>sou</b>rces), <b>t</b>o <b>pi</b>ece <b>tog</b>ether <b>a</b>n <b>acc</b>urate <b>a</b>nd <b>inst</b>ructive <b>gu</b>ide <b>t</b>o <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture, <b>ba</b>sing <b>it</b>self <b>o</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>evi</b>dence, <b>n</b>ot <b>o</b>n <b>par</b>ticular <b>vie</b>wpoints <b>o</b>r <b>mo</b>ral <b>jud</b>gments. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>bru</b>tally <b>rea</b>listic <b>app</b>raisal <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>spe</b>cies, <b>dis</b>secting <b>w</b>ho <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>s</b>o <b>w</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>op</b>erate <b>w</b>ith <b>m</b>ore <b>awa</b>reness. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Con</b>sider <i><b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>o</b>f <b>Hu</b>man <b>Na</b>ture </i><b>a</b> <b>k</b>ind <b>o</b>f <b>cod</b>ebook <b>f</b>or <b>deci</b>phering <b>peo</b>ple’s <b>beha</b>vior—ordinary, <b>str</b>ange, <b>dest</b>ructive, <b>t</b>he <b>f</b>ull <b>ga</b>mut. <b>E</b>ach <b>ch</b>apter <b>de</b>als <b>w</b>ith <b>a</b> <b>par</b>ticular <b>as</b>pect <b>o</b>r <b>l</b>aw <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture. <b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>c</b>all <b>t</b>hem <b>l</b>aws <b>i</b>n <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_6" title="6"/><b>t</b>hat <b>un</b>der <b>t</b>he <b>inf</b>luence <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>ese <b>ele</b>mental <b>fo</b>rces, <b>w</b>e <b>hu</b>mans <b>t</b>end <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>act <b>i</b>n <b>rel</b>atively <b>pred</b>ictable <b>wa</b>ys. <b>E</b>ach <b>ch</b>apter <b>h</b>as <b>t</b>he <b>st</b>ory <b>o</b>f <b>s</b>ome <b>ic</b>onic <b>ind</b>ividual <b>o</b>r <b>indi</b>viduals <b>w</b>ho <b>ill</b>ustrate <b>t</b>he <b>l</b>aw <b>(neg</b>atively <b>o</b>r <b>posi</b>tively), <b>al</b>ong <b>w</b>ith <b>id</b>eas <b>a</b>nd <b>str</b>ategies <b>o</b>n <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>o <b>d</b>eal <b>w</b>ith <b>you</b>rself <b>a</b>nd <b>ot</b>hers <b>un</b>der <b>t</b>he <b>inf</b>luence <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>his <b>l</b>aw. <b>E</b>ach <b>ch</b>apter <b>e</b>nds <b>w</b>ith <b>a</b> <b>se</b>ction <b>o</b>n <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>o <b>tra</b>nsform <b>t</b>his <b>ba</b>sic <b>hu</b>man <b>fo</b>rce <b>i</b>nto <b>som</b>ething <b>m</b>ore <b>pos</b>itive <b>a</b>nd <b>prod</b>uctive, <b>s</b>o <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>n</b>o <b>lo</b>nger <b>pa</b>ssive <b>sl</b>aves <b>t</b>o <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>b</b>ut <b>act</b>ively <b>tran</b>sforming <b>i</b>t. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Y</b>ou <b>mi</b>ght <b>b</b>e <b>te</b>mpted <b>t</b>o <b>im</b>agine <b>t</b>hat <b>t</b>his <b>kno</b>wledge <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>b</b>it <b>old-</b>fashioned. <b>Af</b>ter <b>a</b>ll, <b>y</b>ou <b>mi</b>ght <b>ar</b>gue, <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>n</b>ow <b>s</b>o <b>soph</b>isticated <b>a</b>nd <b>tech</b>nologically <b>adv</b>anced, <b>s</b>o <b>prog</b>ressive <b>a</b>nd <b>enli</b>ghtened; <b>w</b>e <b>h</b>ave <b>mo</b>ved <b>w</b>ell <b>be</b>yond <b>o</b>ur <b>pri</b>mitive <b>ro</b>ots; <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>pr</b>ocess <b>o</b>f <b>rew</b>riting <b>o</b>ur <b>na</b>ture. <b>B</b>ut <b>t</b>he <b>tr</b>uth <b>i</b>s <b>i</b>n <b>f</b>act <b>t</b>he <b>oppo</b>site—we <b>h</b>ave <b>ne</b>ver <b>b</b>een <b>m</b>ore <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>th</b>rall <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>a</b>nd <b>i</b>ts <b>dest</b>ructive <b>pot</b>ential <b>t</b>han <b>n</b>ow. <b>A</b>nd <b>b</b>y <b>ign</b>oring <b>t</b>his <b>fa</b>ct, <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>pl</b>aying <b>w</b>ith <b>fi</b>re. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>L</b>ook <b>a</b>t <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>he <b>perm</b>eability <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>emo</b>tions <b>h</b>as <b>o</b>nly <b>b</b>een <b>hei</b>ghtened <b>th</b>rough <b>so</b>cial <b>me</b>dia, <b>wh</b>ere <b>vi</b>ral <b>ef</b>fects <b>a</b>re <b>cont</b>inually <b>swe</b>eping <b>th</b>rough <b>u</b>s <b>a</b>nd <b>wh</b>ere <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ost <b>mani</b>pulative <b>le</b>aders <b>a</b>re <b>a</b>ble <b>t</b>o <b>ex</b>ploit <b>a</b>nd <b>co</b>ntrol <b>u</b>s. <b>L</b>ook <b>a</b>t <b>t</b>he <b>agg</b>ression <b>t</b>hat <b>i</b>s <b>n</b>ow <b>op</b>enly <b>dis</b>played <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>vi</b>rtual <b>wo</b>rld, <b>wh</b>ere <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>s</b>o <b>m</b>uch <b>ea</b>sier <b>t</b>o <b>p</b>lay <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>ur <b>sh</b>adow <b>si</b>des <b>wi</b>thout <b>repe</b>rcussions. <b>No</b>tice <b>h</b>ow <b>o</b>ur <b>prop</b>ensities <b>t</b>o <b>co</b>mpare <b>our</b>selves <b>w</b>ith <b>ot</b>hers, <b>t</b>o <b>f</b>eel <b>en</b>vy, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>eek <b>st</b>atus <b>th</b>rough <b>att</b>ention <b>h</b>ave <b>o</b>nly <b>be</b>come <b>inte</b>nsified <b>w</b>ith <b>o</b>ur <b>ab</b>ility <b>t</b>o <b>comm</b>unicate <b>s</b>o <b>qu</b>ickly <b>w</b>ith <b>s</b>o <b>m</b>any <b>pe</b>ople. <b>A</b>nd <b>fin</b>ally, <b>l</b>ook <b>a</b>t <b>o</b>ur <b>tr</b>ibal <b>ten</b>dencies <b>a</b>nd <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>hey <b>h</b>ave <b>n</b>ow <b>fo</b>und <b>t</b>he <b>pe</b>rfect <b>me</b>dium <b>t</b>o <b>op</b>erate <b>in</b>—we <b>c</b>an <b>f</b>ind <b>a</b> <b>gr</b>oup <b>t</b>o <b>ide</b>ntify <b>wi</b>th, <b>rei</b>nforce <b>o</b>ur <b>tr</b>ibal <b>opi</b>nions <b>i</b>n <b>a</b> <b>vi</b>rtual <b>e</b>cho <b>cha</b>mber, <b>a</b>nd <b>dem</b>onize <b>a</b>ny <b>out</b>siders, <b>le</b>ading <b>t</b>o <b>m</b>ob <b>inti</b>midation. <b>T</b>he <b>pot</b>ential <b>f</b>or <b>ma</b>yhem <b>ste</b>mming <b>f</b>rom <b>t</b>he <b>pri</b>mitive <b>s</b>ide <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>na</b>ture <b>h</b>as <b>o</b>nly <b>inc</b>reased. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>si</b>mple: <b>Hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>i</b>s <b>str</b>onger <b>t</b>han <b>a</b>ny <b>indi</b>vidual, <b>t</b>han <b>a</b>ny <b>inst</b>itution <b>o</b>r <b>tech</b>nological <b>inv</b>ention. <b>I</b>t <b>e</b>nds <b>u</b>p <b>sh</b>aping <b>w</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>cr</b>eate <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>flect <b>it</b>self <b>a</b>nd <b>i</b>ts <b>pri</b>mitive <b>ro</b>ots. <b>I</b>t <b>mo</b>ves <b>u</b>s <b>ar</b>ound <b>l</b>ike <b>pa</b>wns. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Ig</b>nore <b>t</b>he <b>l</b>aws <b>a</b>t <b>y</b>our <b>o</b>wn <b>pe</b>ril. <b>Ref</b>using <b>t</b>o <b>c</b>ome <b>t</b>o <b>te</b>rms <b>w</b>ith <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>si</b>mply <b>me</b>ans <b>t</b>hat <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b>re <b>do</b>oming <b>you</b>rself <b>t</b>o <b>pat</b>terns <b>be</b>yond <b>y</b>our <b>co</b>ntrol <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>o <b>fee</b>lings <b>o</b>f <b>con</b>fusion <b>a</b>nd <b>help</b>lessness. </p><b>
</b>			 <hr class="transition"/><b>
</b>			 <div aria-hidden="true" class="x04-Space-Break-Orn-1"><b></b> </div><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Space-Break-FL-Line"><i><b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>o</b>f <b>Hu</b>man <b>Na</b>ture </i><b>i</b>s <b>des</b>igned <b>t</b>o <b>im</b>merse <b>y</b>ou <b>i</b>n <b>a</b>ll <b>as</b>pects <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>beh</b>avior <b>a</b>nd <b>ill</b>uminate <b>i</b>ts <b>r</b>oot <b>ca</b>uses. <b>I</b>f <b>y</b>ou <b>l</b>et <b>i</b>t <b>gu</b>ide <b>y</b>ou, <b>i</b>t <b>w</b>ill <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_7" title="7"/><b>rad</b>ically <b>al</b>ter <b>h</b>ow <b>y</b>ou <b>per</b>ceive <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>nd <b>y</b>our <b>en</b>tire <b>app</b>roach <b>t</b>o <b>de</b>aling <b>w</b>ith <b>th</b>em. <b>I</b>t <b>w</b>ill <b>a</b>lso <b>rad</b>ically <b>ch</b>ange <b>h</b>ow <b>y</b>ou <b>s</b>ee <b>you</b>rself. <b>I</b>t <b>w</b>ill <b>acc</b>omplish <b>th</b>ese <b>sh</b>ifts <b>i</b>n <b>pers</b>pective <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>fol</b>lowing <b>wa</b>ys: </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><i><b>Fi</b>rst, <b>t</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>w</b>ork <b>t</b>o <b>tra</b>nsform <b>y</b>ou <b>i</b>nto <b>a</b> <b>ca</b>lmer <b>a</b>nd <b>m</b>ore <b>str</b>ategic <b>obs</b>erver <b>o</b>f <b>pe</b>ople, <b>he</b>lping <b>t</b>o <b>f</b>ree <b>y</b>ou <b>f</b>rom <b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>he <b>emo</b>tional <b>dr</b>ama <b>t</b>hat <b>nee</b>dlessly <b>dr</b>ains <b>y</b>ou. </i></p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Be</b>ing <b>ar</b>ound <b>pe</b>ople <b>st</b>irs <b>u</b>p <b>o</b>ur <b>anx</b>ieties <b>a</b>nd <b>inse</b>curities <b>a</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>h</b>ow <b>ot</b>hers <b>per</b>ceive <b>u</b>s. <b>O</b>nce <b>w</b>e <b>f</b>eel <b>s</b>uch <b>emo</b>tions, <b>i</b>t <b>be</b>comes <b>v</b>ery <b>h</b>ard <b>t</b>o <b>ob</b>serve <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>s <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>dr</b>awn <b>i</b>nto <b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>fee</b>lings, <b>eva</b>luating <b>w</b>hat <b>pe</b>ople <b>s</b>ay <b>a</b>nd <b>d</b>o <b>i</b>n <i><b>per</b>sonal </i><b>ter</b>ms—do <b>t</b>hey <b>l</b>ike <b>m</b>e <b>o</b>r <b>di</b>slike <b>m</b>e? <b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>h</b>elp <b>y</b>ou <b>av</b>oid <b>fa</b>lling <b>i</b>nto <b>t</b>his <b>t</b>rap <b>b</b>y <b>rev</b>ealing <b>t</b>hat <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>re <b>gen</b>erally <b>de</b>aling <b>w</b>ith <b>emo</b>tions <b>a</b>nd <b>is</b>sues <b>t</b>hat <b>h</b>ave <b>d</b>eep <b>ro</b>ots. <b>The</b>y’re <b>expe</b>riencing <b>s</b>ome <b>de</b>sires <b>a</b>nd <b>disa</b>ppointments <b>t</b>hat <b>pr</b>edate <b>y</b>ou <b>b</b>y <b>ye</b>ars <b>a</b>nd <b>dec</b>ades. <b>Y</b>ou <b>cr</b>oss <b>th</b>eir <b>p</b>ath <b>a</b>t <b>a</b> <b>par</b>ticular <b>mo</b>ment <b>a</b>nd <b>be</b>come <b>t</b>he <b>con</b>venient <b>ta</b>rget <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>eir <b>an</b>ger <b>o</b>r <b>frus</b>tration. <b>The</b>y’re <b>pro</b>jecting <b>o</b>nto <b>y</b>ou <b>ce</b>rtain <b>qua</b>lities <b>t</b>hey <b>w</b>ant <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ee. <b>I</b>n <b>m</b>ost <b>ca</b>ses, <b>the</b>y’re <b>n</b>ot <b>rel</b>ating <b>t</b>o <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b>s <b>a</b>n <b>indi</b>vidual. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>T</b>his <b>sh</b>ould <b>n</b>ot <b>up</b>set <b>y</b>ou <b>b</b>ut <b>lib</b>erate <b>y</b>ou. <b>T</b>he <b>b</b>ook <b>w</b>ill <b>te</b>ach <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>top <b>ta</b>king <b>per</b>sonally <b>th</b>eir <b>insi</b>nuating <b>com</b>ments, <b>sh</b>ows <b>o</b>f <b>col</b>dness, <b>o</b>r <b>mo</b>ments <b>o</b>f <b>irri</b>tation. <b>T</b>he <b>m</b>ore <b>y</b>ou <b>gr</b>asp <b>th</b>is, <b>t</b>he <b>ea</b>sier <b>i</b>t <b>w</b>ill <b>b</b>e <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>act <b>n</b>ot <b>w</b>ith <b>y</b>our <b>emo</b>tions <b>b</b>ut <b>ra</b>ther <b>w</b>ith <b>t</b>he <b>de</b>sire <b>t</b>o <b>und</b>erstand <b>wh</b>ere <b>th</b>eir <b>beh</b>avior <b>mi</b>ght <b>c</b>ome <b>fr</b>om. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>f</b>eel <b>m</b>uch <b>ca</b>lmer <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>pro</b>cess. <b>A</b>nd <b>a</b>s <b>t</b>his <b>ta</b>kes <b>r</b>oot <b>i</b>n <b>y</b>ou, <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>b</b>e <b>l</b>ess <b>pr</b>one <b>t</b>o <b>mor</b>alize <b>a</b>nd <b>ju</b>dge <b>pe</b>ople; <b>in</b>stead <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>ac</b>cept <b>t</b>hem <b>a</b>nd <b>th</b>eir <b>fl</b>aws <b>a</b>s <b>p</b>art <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture. <b>Pe</b>ople <b>w</b>ill <b>l</b>ike <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ore <b>a</b>s <b>t</b>hey <b>se</b>nse <b>t</b>his <b>tol</b>erant <b>att</b>itude <b>i</b>n <b>y</b>ou. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><i><b>Se</b>cond, <b>t</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>m</b>ake <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b> <b>ma</b>ster <b>inte</b>rpreter <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>c</b>ues <b>t</b>hat <b>pe</b>ople <b>cont</b>inually <b>em</b>it, <b>gi</b>ving <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b> <b>m</b>uch <b>gr</b>eater <b>ab</b>ility <b>t</b>o <b>ju</b>dge <b>th</b>eir <b>cha</b>racter. </i></p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Nor</b>mally, <b>i</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>p</b>ay <b>att</b>ention <b>t</b>o <b>peo</b>ple’s <b>beh</b>avior, <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>i</b>n <b>a</b> <b>r</b>ush <b>t</b>o <b>f</b>it <b>th</b>eir <b>ac</b>tions <b>i</b>nto <b>cat</b>egories <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>o <b>hu</b>rry <b>t</b>o <b>conc</b>lusions, <b>s</b>o <b>w</b>e <b>se</b>ttle <b>f</b>or <b>t</b>he <b>jud</b>gment <b>t</b>hat <b>su</b>its <b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>prec</b>onceptions. <b>O</b>r <b>w</b>e <b>ac</b>cept <b>th</b>eir <b>self</b>-serving <b>expl</b>anations. <b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>r</b>id <b>y</b>ou <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>his <b>ha</b>bit <b>b</b>y <b>ma</b>king <b>i</b>t <b>cl</b>ear <b>h</b>ow <b>e</b>asy <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>mi</b>sread <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>nd <b>h</b>ow <b>dec</b>eptive <b>fi</b>rst <b>impr</b>essions <b>c</b>an <b>b</b>e. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>s</b>low <b>you</b>rself <b>do</b>wn, <b>mis</b>trust <b>y</b>our <b>in</b>itial <b>jud</b>gment, <b>a</b>nd <b>in</b>stead <b>tr</b>ain <b>you</b>rself <b>t</b>o <i><b>an</b>alyze </i><b>w</b>hat <b>y</b>ou <b>s</b>ee. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>th</b>ink <b>i</b>n <b>te</b>rms <b>o</b>f <b>oppo</b>sites—when <b>pe</b>ople <b>ov</b>ertly <b>di</b>splay <b>s</b>ome <b>tr</b>ait, <b>s</b>uch <b>a</b>s <b>con</b>fidence <b>o</b>r <b>hype</b>rmasculinity, <b>t</b>hey <b>a</b>re <b>m</b>ost <b>of</b>ten <b>con</b>cealing <b>t</b>he <b>con</b>trary <b>rea</b>lity. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>re</b>alize <b>t</b>hat <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>re <b>cont</b>inually <b>pl</b>aying <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <b>pu</b>blic, <b>ma</b>king <b>a</b> <b>s</b>how <b>o</b>f <b>be</b>ing <b>prog</b>ressive <b>a</b>nd <b>sa</b>intly <b>o</b>nly <b>t</b>o <b>be</b>tter <b>dis</b>guise <b>th</b>eir <b>sh</b>adow. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>s</b>ee <b>t</b>he <b>si</b>gns <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>his <b>sh</b>adow <b>le</b>aking <b>o</b>ut <b>i</b>n <b>eve</b>ryday <b>li</b>fe. <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_8" title="8"/><b>I</b>f <b>pe</b>ople <b>t</b>ake <b>a</b>n <b>ac</b>tion <b>t</b>hat <b>se</b>ems <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>f <b>cha</b>racter, <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>t</b>ake <b>no</b>te: <b>w</b>hat <b>of</b>ten <b>ap</b>pears <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>f <b>cha</b>racter <b>i</b>s <b>act</b>ually <b>m</b>ore <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>eir <b>t</b>rue <b>cha</b>racter. <b>I</b>f <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>re <b>esse</b>ntially <b>l</b>azy <b>o</b>r <b>foo</b>lish, <b>t</b>hey <b>le</b>ave <b>cl</b>ues <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>his <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>sma</b>llest <b>o</b>f <b>de</b>tails <b>t</b>hat <b>y</b>ou <b>c</b>an <b>p</b>ick <b>u</b>p <b>w</b>ell <b>be</b>fore <b>th</b>eir <b>beh</b>avior <b>ha</b>rms <b>y</b>ou. <b>T</b>he <b>ab</b>ility <b>t</b>o <b>ga</b>uge <b>peo</b>ple’s <b>t</b>rue <b>wo</b>rth, <b>th</b>eir <b>de</b>gree <b>o</b>f <b>lo</b>yalty <b>a</b>nd <b>cons</b>cientiousness, <b>i</b>s <b>o</b>ne <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ost <b>imp</b>ortant <b>sk</b>ills <b>y</b>ou <b>c</b>an <b>pos</b>sess, <b>he</b>lping <b>y</b>ou <b>av</b>oid <b>t</b>he <b>b</b>ad <b>hi</b>res, <b>part</b>nerships, <b>a</b>nd <b>rela</b>tionships <b>t</b>hat <b>c</b>an <b>m</b>ake <b>y</b>our <b>l</b>ife <b>mis</b>erable. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><i><b>Th</b>ird, <b>t</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>em</b>power <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>ake <b>o</b>n <b>a</b>nd <b>out</b>think <b>t</b>he <b>to</b>xic <b>ty</b>pes <b>w</b>ho <b>ine</b>vitably <b>cr</b>oss <b>y</b>our <b>p</b>ath <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>ho <b>t</b>end <b>t</b>o <b>ca</b>use <b>lon</b>g-term <b>emo</b>tional <b>da</b>mage. </i></p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Aggr</b>essive, <b>env</b>ious, <b>a</b>nd <b>mani</b>pulative <b>pe</b>ople <b>do</b>n’t <b>us</b>ually <b>ann</b>ounce <b>the</b>mselves <b>a</b>s <b>su</b>ch. <b>T</b>hey <b>h</b>ave <b>le</b>arned <b>t</b>o <b>ap</b>pear <b>cha</b>rming <b>i</b>n <b>in</b>itial <b>enco</b>unters, <b>t</b>o <b>u</b>se <b>fla</b>ttery <b>a</b>nd <b>ot</b>her <b>me</b>ans <b>o</b>f <b>dis</b>arming <b>u</b>s. <b>W</b>hen <b>t</b>hey <b>sur</b>prise <b>u</b>s <b>w</b>ith <b>th</b>eir <b>u</b>gly <b>beh</b>avior, <b>w</b>e <b>f</b>eel <b>bet</b>rayed, <b>an</b>gry, <b>a</b>nd <b>hel</b>pless. <b>T</b>hey <b>cr</b>eate <b>con</b>stant <b>pre</b>ssure, <b>kn</b>owing <b>t</b>hat <b>i</b>n <b>do</b>ing <b>s</b>o <b>t</b>hey <b>ove</b>rwhelm <b>o</b>ur <b>mi</b>nds <b>w</b>ith <b>th</b>eir <b>pre</b>sence, <b>ma</b>king <b>i</b>t <b>do</b>ubly <b>h</b>ard <b>t</b>o <b>th</b>ink <b>str</b>aight <b>o</b>r <b>stra</b>tegize. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>te</b>ach <b>y</b>ou <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>o <b>ide</b>ntify <b>th</b>ese <b>ty</b>pes <b>i</b>n <b>adv</b>ance, <b>wh</b>ich <b>i</b>s <b>y</b>our <b>gre</b>atest <b>de</b>fense <b>ag</b>ainst <b>th</b>em. <b>Ei</b>ther <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>st</b>eer <b>cl</b>ear <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>hem <b>o</b>r, <b>for</b>eseeing <b>th</b>eir <b>mani</b>pulative <b>act</b>ions, <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>n</b>ot <b>b</b>e <b>bli</b>ndsided <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>hus <b>w</b>ill <b>b</b>e <b>be</b>tter <b>a</b>ble <b>t</b>o <b>mai</b>ntain <b>y</b>our <b>emo</b>tional <b>bal</b>ance. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>le</b>arn <b>t</b>o <b>men</b>tally <b>c</b>ut <b>t</b>hem <b>d</b>own <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ize <b>a</b>nd <b>fo</b>cus <b>o</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>gl</b>aring <b>wea</b>knesses <b>a</b>nd <b>inse</b>curities <b>be</b>hind <b>a</b>ll <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>eir <b>blu</b>ster. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>n</b>ot <b>f</b>all <b>f</b>or <b>th</b>eir <b>my</b>th, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>his <b>w</b>ill <b>neu</b>tralize <b>t</b>he <b>inti</b>midation <b>t</b>hey <b>de</b>pend <b>o</b>n. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>sc</b>off <b>a</b>t <b>th</b>eir <b>co</b>ver <b>st</b>ories <b>a</b>nd <b>ela</b>borate <b>expl</b>anations <b>f</b>or <b>th</b>eir <b>se</b>lfish <b>beh</b>avior. <b>Y</b>our <b>ab</b>ility <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>tay <b>c</b>alm <b>w</b>ill <b>inf</b>uriate <b>t</b>hem <b>a</b>nd <b>of</b>ten <b>p</b>ush <b>t</b>hem <b>i</b>nto <b>over</b>reaching <b>o</b>r <b>ma</b>king <b>a</b> <b>mis</b>take. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>In</b>stead <b>o</b>f <b>be</b>ing <b>we</b>ighed <b>d</b>own <b>b</b>y <b>th</b>ese <b>enco</b>unters, <b>y</b>ou <b>mi</b>ght <b>e</b>ven <b>c</b>ome <b>t</b>o <b>app</b>reciate <b>t</b>hem <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>ch</b>ance <b>t</b>o <b>h</b>one <b>y</b>our <b>sk</b>ills <b>o</b>f <b>self</b>-mastery <b>a</b>nd <b>to</b>ughen <b>you</b>rself <b>u</b>p. <b>Outs</b>marting <b>j</b>ust <b>o</b>ne <b>o</b>f <b>th</b>ese <b>ty</b>pes <b>w</b>ill <b>g</b>ive <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b> <b>gr</b>eat <b>d</b>eal <b>o</b>f <b>con</b>fidence <b>t</b>hat <b>y</b>ou <b>c</b>an <b>ha</b>ndle <b>t</b>he <b>wo</b>rst <b>i</b>n <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><i><b>Fo</b>urth, <b>t</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>te</b>ach <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>he <b>t</b>rue <b>le</b>vers <b>f</b>or <b>mot</b>ivating <b>a</b>nd <b>infl</b>uencing <b>pe</b>ople, <b>ma</b>king <b>y</b>our <b>p</b>ath <b>i</b>n <b>l</b>ife <b>t</b>hat <b>m</b>uch <b>ea</b>sier. </i></p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Nor</b>mally, <b>w</b>hen <b>w</b>e <b>m</b>eet <b>res</b>istance <b>t</b>o <b>o</b>ur <b>id</b>eas <b>o</b>r <b>pl</b>ans, <b>w</b>e <b>ca</b>nnot <b>h</b>elp <b>tr</b>ying <b>t</b>o <b>dir</b>ectly <b>ch</b>ange <b>peo</b>ple’s <b>mi</b>nds <b>b</b>y <b>arg</b>uing, <b>lec</b>turing, <b>o</b>r <b>caj</b>oling <b>th</b>em, <b>a</b>ll <b>o</b>f <b>wh</b>ich <b>ma</b>kes <b>t</b>hem <b>m</b>ore <b>def</b>ensive. <b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>te</b>ach <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>hat <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>re <b>nat</b>urally <b>stu</b>bborn <b>a</b>nd <b>res</b>istant <b>t</b>o <b>inf</b>luence. <b>Y</b>ou <b>m</b>ust <b>be</b>gin <b>a</b>ny <b>at</b>tempt <b>b</b>y <b>low</b>ering <b>th</b>eir <b>res</b>istance <b>a</b>nd <b>ne</b>ver <b>inad</b>vertently <b>fe</b>eding <b>th</b>eir <b>def</b>ensive <b>tend</b>encies. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>tr</b>ain <b>you</b>rself <b>t</b>o <b>di</b>scern <b>th</b>eir <b>inse</b>curities <b>a</b>nd <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_9" title="9"/><b>ne</b>ver <b>inad</b>vertently <b>s</b>tir <b>t</b>hem <b>u</b>p. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>th</b>ink <b>i</b>n <b>te</b>rms <b>o</b>f <i><b>th</b>eir </i><b>self</b>-interest <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>self</b>-opinion <b>t</b>hey <b>n</b>eed <b>val</b>idated. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Unde</b>rstanding <b>t</b>he <b>perm</b>eability <b>o</b>f <b>emo</b>tions, <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>le</b>arn <b>t</b>hat <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ost <b>eff</b>ective <b>me</b>ans <b>o</b>f <b>inf</b>luence <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>al</b>ter <b>y</b>our <b>mo</b>ods <b>a</b>nd <b>att</b>itude. <b>Pe</b>ople <b>a</b>re <b>res</b>ponding <b>t</b>o <b>y</b>our <b>en</b>ergy <b>a</b>nd <b>dem</b>eanor <b>e</b>ven <b>m</b>ore <b>t</b>han <b>t</b>o <b>y</b>our <b>wo</b>rds. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>g</b>et <b>r</b>id <b>o</b>f <b>a</b>ny <b>defe</b>nsiveness <b>o</b>n <b>y</b>our <b>pa</b>rt. <b>Ins</b>tead, <b>fe</b>eling <b>re</b>laxed <b>a</b>nd <b>gen</b>uinely <b>int</b>erested <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>ot</b>her <b>pe</b>rson <b>w</b>ill <b>h</b>ave <b>a</b> <b>pos</b>itive <b>a</b>nd <b>hyp</b>notic <b>ef</b>fect. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>le</b>arn <b>t</b>hat <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>le</b>ader <b>y</b>our <b>b</b>est <b>me</b>ans <b>o</b>f <b>mo</b>ving <b>pe</b>ople <b>i</b>n <b>y</b>our <b>dir</b>ection <b>l</b>ies <b>i</b>n <b>se</b>tting <b>t</b>he <b>ri</b>ght <b>t</b>one <b>th</b>rough <b>y</b>our <b>att</b>itude, <b>emp</b>athy, <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>ork <b>et</b>hic. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><i><b>Fi</b>fth, <b>t</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>m</b>ake <b>y</b>ou <b>re</b>alize <b>h</b>ow <b>de</b>eply <b>t</b>he <b>fo</b>rces <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>op</b>erate <b>wi</b>thin <b>y</b>ou, <b>gi</b>ving <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>he <b>po</b>wer <b>t</b>o <b>al</b>ter <b>y</b>our <b>o</b>wn <b>neg</b>ative <b>pat</b>terns. </i></p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>O</b>ur <b>na</b>tural <b>res</b>ponse <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>ading <b>o</b>r <b>he</b>aring <b>ab</b>out <b>t</b>he <b>da</b>rker <b>qua</b>lities <b>i</b>n <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>ex</b>clude <b>our</b>selves. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>al</b>ways <b>t</b>he <b>ot</b>her <b>pe</b>rson <b>w</b>ho <b>i</b>s <b>narc</b>issistic, <b>irra</b>tional, <b>env</b>ious, <b>gra</b>ndiose, <b>aggr</b>essive, <b>o</b>r <b>pass</b>ive-aggressive. <b>W</b>e <b>al</b>most <b>al</b>ways <b>s</b>ee <b>our</b>selves <b>a</b>s <b>ha</b>ving <b>t</b>he <b>b</b>est <b>inte</b>ntions. <b>I</b>f <b>w</b>e <b>g</b>o <b>as</b>tray, <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>fa</b>ult <b>o</b>f <b>circ</b>umstances <b>o</b>r <b>pe</b>ople <b>fo</b>rcing <b>u</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>act <b>nega</b>tively. <b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>m</b>ake <b>y</b>ou <b>s</b>top <b>o</b>nce <b>a</b>nd <b>f</b>or <b>a</b>ll <b>t</b>his <b>self</b>-deluding <b>pro</b>cess. <b>W</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>a</b>ll <b>c</b>ut <b>f</b>rom <b>t</b>he <b>s</b>ame <b>cl</b>oth, <b>a</b>nd <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>ll <b>sh</b>are <b>t</b>he <b>s</b>ame <b>tend</b>encies. <b>T</b>he <b>so</b>oner <b>y</b>ou <b>re</b>alize <b>th</b>is, <b>t</b>he <b>gr</b>eater <b>y</b>our <b>po</b>wer <b>w</b>ill <b>b</b>e <b>i</b>n <b>ove</b>rcoming <b>th</b>ese <b>pot</b>ential <b>neg</b>ative <b>tr</b>aits <b>wi</b>thin <b>y</b>ou. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>ex</b>amine <b>y</b>our <b>o</b>wn <b>mot</b>ives, <b>l</b>ook <b>a</b>t <b>y</b>our <b>o</b>wn <b>sh</b>adow, <b>a</b>nd <b>be</b>come <b>aw</b>are <b>o</b>f <b>y</b>our <b>o</b>wn <b>pass</b>ive-aggressive <b>tend</b>encies. <b>T</b>his <b>w</b>ill <b>m</b>ake <b>i</b>t <b>t</b>hat <b>m</b>uch <b>ea</b>sier <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>pot <b>s</b>uch <b>tr</b>aits <b>i</b>n <b>ot</b>hers. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>a</b>lso <b>be</b>come <b>hum</b>bler, <b>rea</b>lizing <b>you</b>’re <b>n</b>ot <b>sup</b>erior <b>t</b>o <b>ot</b>hers <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>w</b>ay <b>y</b>ou <b>h</b>ad <b>ima</b>gined. <b>T</b>his <b>w</b>ill <b>n</b>ot <b>m</b>ake <b>y</b>ou <b>f</b>eel <b>gu</b>ilty <b>o</b>r <b>we</b>ighed <b>d</b>own <b>b</b>y <b>y</b>our <b>self</b>-awareness, <b>b</b>ut <b>qu</b>ite <b>t</b>he <b>opp</b>osite. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>ac</b>cept <b>you</b>rself <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>com</b>plete <b>indi</b>vidual, <b>emb</b>racing <b>b</b>oth <b>t</b>he <b>g</b>ood <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>b</b>ad, <b>dro</b>pping <b>y</b>our <b>fal</b>sified <b>sel</b>f-image <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>sa</b>int. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>f</b>eel <b>rel</b>ieved <b>o</b>f <b>y</b>our <b>hypo</b>crisies <b>a</b>nd <b>f</b>ree <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>m</b>ore <b>you</b>rself. <b>Pe</b>ople <b>w</b>ill <b>b</b>e <b>dr</b>awn <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>his <b>qu</b>ality <b>i</b>n <b>y</b>ou. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><i><b>Si</b>xth, <b>t</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>tra</b>nsform <b>y</b>ou <b>i</b>nto <b>a</b> <b>m</b>ore <b>emp</b>athetic <b>indi</b>vidual, <b>cre</b>ating <b>de</b>eper <b>a</b>nd <b>m</b>ore <b>sat</b>isfying <b>bo</b>nds <b>w</b>ith <b>t</b>he <b>pe</b>ople <b>ar</b>ound <b>y</b>ou. </i></p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>e <b>hu</b>mans <b>a</b>re <b>b</b>orn <b>w</b>ith <b>a</b> <b>tre</b>mendous <b>pot</b>ential <b>f</b>or <b>unde</b>rstanding <b>pe</b>ople <b>o</b>n <b>a</b> <b>le</b>vel <b>t</b>hat <b>i</b>s <b>n</b>ot <b>me</b>rely <b>inte</b>llectual. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>po</b>wer <b>dev</b>eloped <b>b</b>y <b>o</b>ur <b>ear</b>liest <b>anc</b>estors, <b>i</b>n <b>wh</b>ich <b>t</b>hey <b>le</b>arned <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>o <b>in</b>tuit <b>t</b>he <b>mo</b>ods <b>a</b>nd <b>fee</b>lings <b>o</b>f <b>ot</b>hers <b>b</b>y <b>pl</b>acing <b>the</b>mselves <b>i</b>n <b>th</b>eir <b>pers</b>pective. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>T</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>ins</b>truct <b>y</b>ou <b>i</b>n <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>o <b>br</b>ing <b>o</b>ut <b>t</b>his <b>la</b>tent <b>po</b>wer <b>t</b>o <b>t</b>he <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_10" title="10"/><b>hi</b>ghest <b>de</b>gree <b>pos</b>sible. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>le</b>arn <b>t</b>o <b>sl</b>owly <b>c</b>ut <b>o</b>ff <b>y</b>our <b>inc</b>essant <b>int</b>erior <b>mon</b>ologue <b>a</b>nd <b>li</b>sten <b>m</b>ore <b>clo</b>sely. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>tr</b>ain <b>you</b>rself <b>t</b>o <b>as</b>sume <b>t</b>he <b>oth</b>er’s <b>vie</b>wpoint <b>a</b>s <b>b</b>est <b>y</b>ou <b>c</b>an. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>u</b>se <b>y</b>our <b>imag</b>ination <b>a</b>nd <b>expe</b>riences <b>t</b>o <b>h</b>elp <b>y</b>ou <b>f</b>eel <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>hey <b>mi</b>ght <b>fe</b>el. <b>I</b>f <b>t</b>hey <b>a</b>re <b>des</b>cribing <b>som</b>ething <b>pai</b>nful, <b>y</b>ou <b>h</b>ave <b>y</b>our <b>o</b>wn <b>pa</b>inful <b>mo</b>ments <b>t</b>o <b>d</b>raw <b>u</b>pon <b>a</b>s <b>ana</b>logues. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>n</b>ot <b>b</b>e <b>si</b>mply <b>int</b>uitive, <b>b</b>ut <b>ra</b>ther <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>an</b>alyze <b>t</b>he <b>info</b>rmation <b>y</b>ou <b>gl</b>ean <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>his <b>emp</b>athic <b>fas</b>hion, <b>ga</b>ining <b>ins</b>ights. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>cont</b>inually <b>cy</b>cle <b>be</b>tween <b>em</b>pathy <b>a</b>nd <b>ana</b>lysis, <b>al</b>ways <b>upd</b>ating <b>w</b>hat <b>y</b>ou <b>ob</b>serve <b>a</b>nd <b>inc</b>reasing <b>y</b>our <b>ab</b>ility <b>t</b>o <b>s</b>ee <b>t</b>he <b>wo</b>rld <b>th</b>rough <b>th</b>eir <b>ey</b>es. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>no</b>tice <b>a</b> <b>phy</b>sical <b>sen</b>sation <b>o</b>f <b>con</b>nection <b>be</b>tween <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>he <b>ot</b>her <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>ill <b>em</b>erge <b>f</b>rom <b>t</b>his <b>pra</b>ctice. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>n</b>eed <b>a</b> <b>de</b>gree <b>o</b>f <b>hum</b>ility <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>his <b>pro</b>cess. <b>Y</b>ou <b>c</b>an <b>ne</b>ver <b>k</b>now <b>ex</b>actly <b>w</b>hat <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>re <b>thi</b>nking <b>a</b>nd <b>c</b>an <b>ea</b>sily <b>m</b>ake <b>mis</b>takes, <b>a</b>nd <b>s</b>o <b>y</b>ou <b>m</b>ust <b>n</b>ot <b>r</b>ush <b>t</b>o <b>jud</b>gments <b>b</b>ut <b>k</b>eep <b>you</b>rself <b>o</b>pen <b>t</b>o <b>lea</b>rning <b>mo</b>re. <b>Pe</b>ople <b>a</b>re <b>m</b>ore <b>co</b>mplex <b>t</b>han <b>y</b>ou <b>ima</b>gine. <b>Y</b>our <b>g</b>oal <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>si</b>mply <b>s</b>ee <b>th</b>eir <b>po</b>int <b>o</b>f <b>v</b>iew <b>be</b>tter. <b>A</b>s <b>y</b>ou <b>g</b>o <b>th</b>rough <b>t</b>his <b>pro</b>cess, <b>i</b>t <b>be</b>comes <b>l</b>ike <b>a</b> <b>mu</b>scle <b>t</b>hat <b>g</b>ets <b>str</b>onger <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ore <b>y</b>ou <b>exe</b>rcise <b>i</b>t. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Cult</b>ivating <b>s</b>uch <b>em</b>pathy <b>w</b>ill <b>h</b>ave <b>innu</b>merable <b>ben</b>efits. <b>W</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>a</b>ll <b>self</b>-absorbed, <b>lo</b>cked <b>i</b>n <b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>wo</b>rlds. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>a</b> <b>ther</b>apeutic <b>a</b>nd <b>lib</b>erating <b>exp</b>erience <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>dr</b>awn <b>ou</b>tside <b>our</b>selves <b>a</b>nd <b>i</b>nto <b>t</b>he <b>wo</b>rld <b>o</b>f <b>ano</b>ther. <b>I</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>w</b>hat <b>att</b>racts <b>u</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>f</b>ilm <b>a</b>nd <b>a</b>ny <b>f</b>orm <b>o</b>f <b>fic</b>tion, <b>ent</b>ering <b>t</b>he <b>mi</b>nds <b>a</b>nd <b>pers</b>pectives <b>o</b>f <b>pe</b>ople <b>s</b>o <b>dif</b>ferent <b>f</b>rom <b>our</b>selves. <b>Th</b>rough <b>t</b>his <b>pra</b>ctice <b>y</b>our <b>wh</b>ole <b>w</b>ay <b>o</b>f <b>thi</b>nking <b>w</b>ill <b>sh</b>ift. <b>Y</b>ou <b>a</b>re <b>tra</b>ining <b>you</b>rself <b>t</b>o <b>l</b>et <b>g</b>o <b>o</b>f <b>prec</b>onceptions, <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>al</b>ive <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>mo</b>ment, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>o <b>cont</b>inually <b>ad</b>apt <b>y</b>our <b>id</b>eas <b>ab</b>out <b>pe</b>ople. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>f</b>ind <b>s</b>uch <b>flu</b>idity <b>aff</b>ecting <b>h</b>ow <b>y</b>ou <b>at</b>tack <b>pro</b>blems <b>i</b>n <b>gene</b>ral—you <b>w</b>ill <b>f</b>ind <b>you</b>rself <b>ente</b>rtaining <b>ot</b>her <b>poss</b>ibilities, <b>ta</b>king <b>alte</b>rnative <b>pers</b>pectives. <b>T</b>his <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>es</b>sence <b>o</b>f <b>cre</b>ative <b>thi</b>nking. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><i><b>Fin</b>ally, <b>t</b>he <b>L</b>aws <b>w</b>ill <b>al</b>ter <b>h</b>ow <b>y</b>ou <b>s</b>ee <b>y</b>our <b>o</b>wn <b>pot</b>ential, <b>ma</b>king <b>y</b>ou <b>aw</b>are <b>o</b>f <b>a</b> <b>hi</b>gher, <b>id</b>eal <b>s</b>elf <b>wi</b>thin <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>hat <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>w</b>ant <b>t</b>o <b>br</b>ing <b>o</b>ut. </i></p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>e <b>c</b>an <b>s</b>ay <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>hu</b>mans <b>h</b>ave <b>t</b>wo <b>con</b>trary <b>se</b>lves <b>wi</b>thin <b>us</b>—a <b>lo</b>wer <b>a</b>nd <b>a</b> <b>hi</b>gher. <b>T</b>he <b>lo</b>wer <b>te</b>nds <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>str</b>onger. <b>I</b>ts <b>imp</b>ulses <b>p</b>ull <b>u</b>s <b>d</b>own <b>i</b>nto <b>emo</b>tional <b>rea</b>ctions <b>a</b>nd <b>def</b>ensive <b>pos</b>tures, <b>ma</b>king <b>u</b>s <b>f</b>eel <b>self</b>-righteous <b>a</b>nd <b>sup</b>erior <b>t</b>o <b>ot</b>hers. <b>I</b>t <b>ma</b>kes <b>u</b>s <b>g</b>rab <b>f</b>or <b>imm</b>ediate <b>ple</b>asures <b>a</b>nd <b>dist</b>ractions, <b>al</b>ways <b>ta</b>king <b>t</b>he <b>p</b>ath <b>o</b>f <b>le</b>ast <b>resi</b>stance. <b>I</b>t <b>in</b>duces <b>u</b>s <b>t</b>o <b>ad</b>opt <b>w</b>hat <b>ot</b>her <b>pe</b>ople <b>a</b>re <b>thi</b>nking, <b>lo</b>sing <b>our</b>selves <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>gr</b>oup. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>W</b>e <b>f</b>eel <b>t</b>he <b>imp</b>ulses <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>hi</b>gher <b>s</b>elf <b>w</b>hen <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>re <b>dr</b>awn <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>f <b>our</b>selves, <b>wa</b>nting <b>t</b>o <b>co</b>nnect <b>m</b>ore <b>de</b>eply <b>w</b>ith <b>ot</b>hers, <b>t</b>o <b>ab</b>sorb <b>o</b>ur <b>mi</b>nds <b>i</b>n <b>o</b>ur <b>wo</b>rk, <b>t</b>o <b>th</b>ink <b>in</b>stead <b>o</b>f <b>re</b>act, <b>t</b>o <b>fo</b>llow <b>o</b>ur <b>o</b>wn <b>p</b>ath <b>i</b>n <b>li</b>fe, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>o <b>dis</b>cover <b>w</b>hat <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_11" title="11"/><b>ma</b>kes <b>u</b>s <b>un</b>ique. <b>T</b>he <b>lo</b>wer <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ore <b>an</b>imal <b>a</b>nd <b>rea</b>ctive <b>s</b>ide <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>na</b>ture, <b>a</b>nd <b>o</b>ne <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>ea</b>sily <b>s</b>lip <b>in</b>to. <b>T</b>he <b>hi</b>gher <b>i</b>s <b>t</b>he <b>m</b>ore <b>tr</b>uly <b>hu</b>man <b>s</b>ide <b>o</b>f <b>o</b>ur <b>na</b>ture, <b>t</b>he <b>s</b>ide <b>t</b>hat <b>ma</b>kes <b>u</b>s <b>tho</b>ughtful <b>a</b>nd <b>self</b>-aware. <b>Be</b>cause <b>t</b>he <b>hi</b>gher <b>im</b>pulse <b>i</b>s <b>we</b>aker, <b>con</b>necting <b>t</b>o <b>i</b>t <b>req</b>uires <b>ef</b>fort <b>a</b>nd <b>ins</b>ight. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Bri</b>nging <b>o</b>ut <b>t</b>his <b>id</b>eal <b>s</b>elf <b>wi</b>thin <b>u</b>s <b>i</b>s <b>w</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>a</b>ll <b>re</b>ally <b>wa</b>nt, <b>be</b>cause <b>i</b>t <b>i</b>s <b>o</b>nly <b>i</b>n <b>dev</b>eloping <b>t</b>his <b>s</b>ide <b>o</b>f <b>our</b>selves <b>t</b>hat <b>w</b>e <b>hu</b>mans <b>f</b>eel <b>tr</b>uly <b>ful</b>filled. <b>T</b>he <b>b</b>ook <b>w</b>ill <b>h</b>elp <b>y</b>ou <b>acc</b>omplish <b>t</b>his <b>b</b>y <b>ma</b>king <b>y</b>ou <b>aw</b>are <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>pote</b>ntially <b>pos</b>itive <b>a</b>nd <b>ac</b>tive <b>ele</b>ments <b>con</b>tained <b>wi</b>thin <b>e</b>ach <b>l</b>aw. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Kn</b>owing <b>o</b>ur <b>pro</b>pensity <b>f</b>or <b>irra</b>tionality, <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>le</b>arn <b>t</b>o <b>be</b>come <b>aw</b>are <b>o</b>f <b>h</b>ow <b>y</b>our <b>emo</b>tions <b>co</b>lor <b>y</b>our <b>thi</b>nking <b>(ch</b>apter <b>1</b>), <b>gi</b>ving <b>y</b>ou <b>t</b>he <b>ab</b>ility <b>t</b>o <b>sub</b>tract <b>t</b>hem <b>a</b>nd <b>be</b>come <b>tr</b>uly <b>rat</b>ional. <b>Kn</b>owing <b>h</b>ow <b>o</b>ur <b>att</b>itude <b>i</b>n <b>l</b>ife <b>ef</b>fects <b>w</b>hat <b>ha</b>ppens <b>t</b>o <b>u</b>s, <b>a</b>nd <b>h</b>ow <b>nat</b>urally <b>o</b>ur <b>mi</b>nds <b>t</b>end <b>t</b>o <b>cl</b>ose <b>u</b>p <b>o</b>ut <b>o</b>f <b>f</b>ear <b>(ch</b>apter <b>8</b>), <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>le</b>arn <b>h</b>ow <b>t</b>o <b>fo</b>rge <b>a</b>n <b>att</b>itude <b>t</b>hat <b>i</b>s <b>exp</b>ansive <b>a</b>nd <b>fea</b>rless. <b>Kn</b>owing <b>y</b>ou <b>h</b>ave <b>t</b>he <b>pro</b>pensity <b>t</b>o <b>co</b>mpare <b>you</b>rself <b>w</b>ith <b>ot</b>hers <b>(ch</b>apter <b>1</b>0), <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>u</b>se <b>t</b>his <b>a</b>s <b>a</b> <b>s</b>pur <b>t</b>o <b>ex</b>cel <b>i</b>n <b>so</b>ciety <b>th</b>rough <b>y</b>our <b>sup</b>erior <b>wo</b>rk, <b>t</b>o <b>ad</b>mire <b>th</b>ose <b>w</b>ho <b>ac</b>hieve <b>gr</b>eat <b>th</b>ings, <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>o <b>b</b>e <b>ins</b>pired <b>b</b>y <b>th</b>eir <b>ex</b>ample <b>t</b>o <b>em</b>ulate <b>th</b>em. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>w</b>ork <b>t</b>his <b>ma</b>gic <b>o</b>n <b>e</b>ach <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>pr</b>imal <b>qua</b>lities, <b>us</b>ing <b>y</b>our <b>exp</b>anded <b>kno</b>wledge <b>o</b>f <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture <b>t</b>o <b>re</b>sist <b>t</b>he <b>st</b>rong <b>dow</b>nward <b>p</b>ull <b>o</b>f <b>y</b>our <b>lo</b>wer <b>na</b>ture. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x04-Body-Text"><b>Th</b>ink <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>b</b>ook <b>i</b>n <b>t</b>he <b>fol</b>lowing <b>w</b>ay: <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b>re <b>ab</b>out <b>t</b>o <b>be</b>come <b>a</b>n <b>app</b>rentice <b>i</b>n <b>hu</b>man <b>na</b>ture. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>b</b>e <b>dev</b>eloping <b>s</b>ome <b>skil</b>ls—how <b>t</b>o <b>ob</b>serve <b>a</b>nd <b>me</b>asure <b>t</b>he <b>cha</b>racter <b>o</b>f <b>y</b>our <b>fe</b>llow <b>hu</b>mans <b>a</b>nd <b>s</b>ee <b>i</b>nto <b>y</b>our <b>o</b>wn <b>de</b>pths. <b>Y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>w</b>ork <b>o</b>n <b>bri</b>nging <b>o</b>ut <b>y</b>our <b>hi</b>gher <b>se</b>lf. <b>A</b>nd <b>th</b>rough <b>pra</b>ctice <b>y</b>ou <b>w</b>ill <b>em</b>erge <b>a</b> <b>ma</b>ster <b>o</b>f <b>t</b>he <b>a</b>rt, <b>a</b>ble <b>t</b>o <b>th</b>wart <b>t</b>he <b>wo</b>rst <b>t</b>hat <b>ot</b>her <b>pe</b>ople <b>c</b>an <b>th</b>row <b>a</b>t <b>y</b>ou <b>a</b>nd <b>t</b>o <b>m</b>old <b>you</b>rself <b>i</b>nto <b>a</b> <b>m</b>ore <b>rat</b>ional, <b>self</b>-aware, <b>a</b>nd <b>pro</b>ductive <b>indi</b>vidual. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-FL"><b>M</b>an <b>w</b>ill <b>o</b>nly <b>be</b>come <b>be</b>tter <b>w</b>hen <b>y</b>ou <b>m</b>ake <b>h</b>im <b>s</b>ee <b>w</b>hat <b>h</b>e <b>i</b>s <b>li</b>ke. </p><b>
</b>			 <p class="x03-Chapter-Epigraph-Source"><b>—</b>Anton <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_12" title="12"/><b>Ch</b>ekhov </p><b></b>
		 </div><b></b>
	 </body><b></b>
 </html>