<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Selected Bibliography, The Laws of Human Nature</title>
		<link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c84fdda8-50ed-4751-b136-5a64b0758f05" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
	</head>
	<body id="x9780698184541_EPUB-25">
		<div>
			<h1 class="x13-BM-Head" id="_idParaDest-122"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_589" title="589"/>Selected Bibliography</h1>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Adler, Alfred. <i>Understanding Human Nature: The Psychology of Personality.</i> Translated by Colin Brett. Oxford: Oneworld Publications, 2011.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Allport, Gordon W. <i>The Nature of Prejudice</i>. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley, 1979.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Ammaniti, Massimo, and Vittorio Gallese. <i>The Birth of Intersubjectivity: Psychodynamics, Neurobiology, and the Self.</i> New York: W.W. Norton, 2014.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Arendt, Hannah. <i>Between Past and Future</i>. New York: Penguin Books, 1993.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Argyle, Michael. <i>Bodily Communication</i>. New York: Routledge, 2001.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Balen, Malcolm. <i>A Very English Deceit: The South Sea Bubble and the World’s First Great Financial Scandal.</i> London: Fourth Estate, 2003.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Barlett, Donald L., and James B. Steele. <i>Howard Hughes: His Life and Madness.</i> New York: W.W. Norton, 2004.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Baron-Cohen, Simon. <i>Mindblindness: An Essay on Autism and Theory of Mind.</i> Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1999.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Bion, W. R. <i>Experiences in Groups: And Other Papers.</i> New York: Routledge, 1989.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Bly, Robert. <i>A Little Book on the Human Shadow.</i> New York: HarperOne, 1988.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Bradford, Sarah. <i>America’s Queen: The Life of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.</i> New York: Penguin Books, 2001.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Caro, Robert A. <i>Master of the Senate: The Years of Lyndon Johnson.</i> New York: Vintage Books, 2003.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Chancellor, Edward. <i>Devil Take the Hindmost: A History of Financial Speculation.</i> New York: Plume, 2000.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Chernow, Ron. <i>Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller, Sr.</i> New York: Vintage Books, 1998.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Cozolino, Louis. <i>The Neuroscience of Human Relationships: Attachment and the Developing Social Brain.</i> New York: W.W. Norton, 2006.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Crawshay-Williams, Rupert. <i>The Comforts of Unreason: A Study of the Motives Behind Irrational Thought.</i> Westport, CT: Greenwood, 1970.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Damasio, Antonio. <i>The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness.</i> Orlando, FL: Harcourt, 1999.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">de Waal, Frans. <i>Chimpanzee Politics: Power and Sex Among Apes.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 2007.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Diamond, Jared. <i>The Third Chimpanzee: The Evolution and Future of the Human Animal.</i> New York: Harper Perennial, 2006.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_590" title="590"/>Dostoevsky, Fyodor. <i>The Idiot</i>. Translated by Constance Garnett. New York: Barnes &amp; Noble Classics, 2004.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Douglas, Claire. <i>The Woman in the Mirror: Analytical Psychology and the Feminine.</i> Lincoln, NE: Backinprint.com, 2000.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Durkheim, Émile. <i>The Elementary Forms of Religious Life.</i> Translated by Karen E. Fields. New York: The Free Press, 1995.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Ekman, Paul. <i>Emotions Revealed: Recognizing Faces and Feelings to Improve Communication and Emotional Life.</i> New York: St. Martin’s Griffin, 2007.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Eliot, George. <i>Middlemarch.</i> Surrey, UK: Oneworld Classics, 2010.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Fairbairn, W. R. D. <i>Psychoanalytic Studies of the Personality.</i> New York: Routledge: 1994.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Fromm, Erich. <i>The Anatomy of Human Destructiveness.</i> New York: Henry Holt, 1992.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Galbraith, John Kenneth. <i>A Short History of Financial Euphoria. </i>New York: Penguin Books, 1994.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Galbraith, Stuart, IV. <i>The Emperor and the Wolf: The Lives and Films of Akira Kurosawa and Toshiro Mifune.</i> New York: Faber and Faber, 2002.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Gao Yuan. <i>Born Red: A Chronicle of the Cultural Revolution.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 1987.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Garelick, Rhonda K. <i>Mademoiselle: Coco Chanel and the Pulse of History.</i> New York: Random House, 2014.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Garrow, David J. <i>Bearing the Cross: Martin Luther King, Jr., and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference</i>. New York: William Morrow, 2004.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Goffman, Erving. <i>The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life.</i> New York: Doubleday, 1959.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Gooch, Brad. <i>Flannery: A Life of Flannery O’Connor.</i> New York: Back Bay Books, 2010.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Gordon, Charlotte. <i>Romantic Outlaws: The Extraordinary Lives of Mary Wollstonecraft &amp; Mary Shelley</i>. New York: Random House, 2015.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Havens, Ronald A. <i>The Wisdom of Milton H. Erickson: The Complete Volume.</i> Carmarthen, UK: Crown House, 2003.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Humphrey, Nicholas. <i>The Inner Eye: Social Intelligence in Evolution.</i> Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2008.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Huxley, Aldous. <i>The Devils of Loudun.</i> New York: Harper Perennial, 2009.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Joule, Robert-Vincent, and Jean-Léon Beauvois. <i>Petit traité de manipulation à l’usage des honnêtes gens.</i> Grenoble, France: Presses universitaires de Grenoble, 2014.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Jung, C. G. <i>The Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious. </i>Translated by R. F. C. Hull. Princeton, NJ: Princeton/Bollingen Paperbacks, 1990.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Jung, C. G. <i>Psychological Types.</i> Translated by H. G. Baynes. Princeton, NJ: Princeton/Bollingen Paperbacks, 1990.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Kagan, Donald. <i>Pericles of Athens and the Birth of Democracy.</i> New York: Free Press, 1991.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Keeley, Lawrence H. <i>War Before Civilization: The Myth of the Peaceful Savage.</i> New York: Oxford University Press, 1996.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_591" title="591"/>Kindleberger, Charles P. <i>Manias, Panics, and Crashes: A History of Financial Crises.</i> New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons, 2000.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Klein, Melanie. <i>Envy and Gratitude: And Other Works 1946–1963.</i> New York: Free Press, 1975.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Kohut, Heinz. <i>The Analysis of the Self: A Systematic Approach to the Psychoanalytic Treatment of Narcissistic Personality Disorders. </i>Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2009.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Konner, Melvin. <i>The Tangled Wing: Biological Constraints on the Human Spirit.</i> New York: Henry Holt, 2002.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Laing, R. D., H. Phillipson, and A. R. Lee. <i>Interpersonal Perception: A Theory and Method of Research.</i> New York: Perennial Library, 1972.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Lansing, Alfred. <i>Endurance: Shackleton’s Incredible Voyage.</i> Philadelphia: Basic Books, 2007.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Lawday, David. <i>The Giant of the French Revolution: Danton, a Life.</i> New York: Grove, 2009.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">LeDoux, Joseph. <i>The Emotional Brain: The Mysterious Underpinnings of Emotional Life.</i> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster Paperbacks, 1996.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Lev, Elizabeth. <i>The Tigress of Forlì: Renaissance Italy’s Most Courageous and Notorious Countess, Caterina Riario Sforza de’ Medici.</i> Boston: Mariner Books, 2011.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Lever, Evelyne. <i>Louis XVI.</i> Paris: Pluriel, 2014.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Lowenstein, Roger. <i>Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist.</i> New York: Random House Trade Paperbacks, 2008.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Maslow, Abraham H. <i>The Farther Reaches of Human Nature.</i> New York: Penguin Compass, 1993.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">McLean, Bethany, and Joe Nocera. <i>All the Devils Are Here: The Hidden History of the Financial Crisis</i>. New York: Portfolio/Penguin, 2011.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Milgram, Stanley. <i>Obedience to Authority: The Experiment That Challenged Human Nature.</i> New York: Harper Perennial, 2009.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Montefiore, Simon Sebag. <i>Stalin: The Court of the Red Tsar.</i> New York: Vintage Books, 2003.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Moore, Robert L. <i>Facing the Dragon: Confronting Personal and Spiritual Grandiosity.</i> Wilmette, IL: Chiron, 2003.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Nietzsche, Friedrich. <i>Human, All Too Human: A Book for Free Spirits.</i> Translated by R. J. Hollingdale. Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University Press, 2000.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Oates, Stephen B. <i>With Malice Toward None: A Biography of Abraham Lincoln.</i> New York: Harper Perennial, 2011.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Ortega y Gasset, José. <i>Man and People.</i> Translated by Willard R. Trask. New York: W.W. Norton, 1963.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Pavese, Cesare. <i>This Business of Living: Diaries 1935–1950.</i> New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction, 2009.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Pfeiffer, John E. <i>The Emergence of Society: A Prehistory of the Establishment.</i> New York: McGraw-Hill, 1977.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_592" title="592"/>Piaget, Jean, and Bärbel Inhelder. <i>The Psychology of the Child.</i> Translated by Helen Weaver. Paris: Basic Books, 2000.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Ramachandran, Vilayanur S. <i>A Brief Tour of Human Consciousness.</i> New York: PI Press, 2004.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Rosen, Sidney. <i>My Voice Will Go with You: The Teaching Tales of Milton H. Erickson.</i> New York: W.W. Norton, 1982.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Russell, Bertrand. <i>The Conquest of Happiness.</i> New York: Horace Liveright, 1996.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Schopenhauer, Arthur. <i>The Wisdom of Life and Counsels and Maxims.</i> Translated by T. Bailey Saunders. Amherst, NY: Prometheus Books, 1995.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Seymour, Miranda. <i>Mary Shelley</i>. New York: Grove, 2000.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Shirer, William L. <i>Love and Hatred: The Stormy Marriage of Leo and Sonya Tolstoy.</i> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster, 1994.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Smith, David Livingstone. <i>The Most Dangerous Animal: Human Nature and the Origins of War.</i> New York: St. Martin’s Griffin, 2007.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Stewart, James B. <i>Disney War.</i> New York: Simon Schuster Paperbacks, 2006.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Strauss, William, and Neil Howe. <i>Generations: The History of American’s Future, 1584 to 2069</i>. New York: William Morrow, 1991.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Tavris, Carol, and Elliot Aronson. <i>Mistakes Were Made (but Not by Me): Why We Justify Foolish Beliefs, Bad Decisions, and Hurtful Acts.</i> New York: Harcourt, 2007.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Thomas, Evan. <i>Being Nixon: A Man Divided.</i> New York: Random House, 2015.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Thouless, R. H., and C. R. Thouless. <i>Straight &amp; Crooked Thinking.</i> Hachette, UK: Hodder Education, 2011.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Tomkins, Silvan, <i>Shame and Its Sisters: A Silvan Tomkins Reader. </i>Edited by Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick and Adam Frank. Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1995.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Troyat, Henri. <i>Chekhov</i>. Translated by Michael Henry Heim. New York: Fawcett Columbine, 1986.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Tuchman, Barbara. <i>The March of Folly</i>. New York: Ballantine Books, 1984.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Tuckett, David. <i>Minding the Markets: An Emotional Finance View of Financial Instability.</i> London: Palgrave Macmillan, 2011.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Watzlawick, Paul, Janet Beavin Bavelas, and Don D. Jackson. <i>Pragmatics of Human Communication: A Study of Interactional Patterns, Pathologies and Paradoxes.</i> New York: W.W. Norton, 2011.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Weir, Alison. <i>The Life of Elizabeth I.</i> New York: Ballantine Books, 2008.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Wilson, Colin. <i>A Criminal History of Mankind.</i> New York: Carroll &amp; Graf, 1990.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Wilson, Edward O. <i>On Human Nature.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2004.</p>
			<p class="x13-BM-Biblio">Winnicott, D. W. <i>Human Nature</i>. London: Free Association Books, 1992.</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>