<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Rape of the Sabine Women</title>
    <meta content="urn:uuid:02c5eec2-6d51-4f38-91f2-7d34e621c0e8" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="../stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="../page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
  <body class="content">
  <div class="title-page-contributor-primary-block" id="chapter-011">
    <div class="heading" id="chapter-011-heading">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-page-contributor-primary-block">
          <div class="element-number-block">
          </div>
          <div class="title-page-contributor-primary-block">
            <h1 class="title">The Rape of the Sabine <span>Women</span></h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="title-page-contributor-primary-block" id="chapter-011-text">
      <div class="alignment-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content2"><i class="calibre2">Three months <span class="last-word">later</span></i></p>
      </div>
      <p class="pcalibre first1"><span><span class="first-letter5"><span class="first-punctuation">"</span>T</span>he </span><i class="calibre2"><span>Times</span></i><span> called again,”</span> Gabrielle said as she stood in the doorway of Mona’s <span class="last-word">office</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"What do they want this time?” Mona asked, barely glancing up from her auction <span class="last-word">catalog</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"They say they wish to run a feature on the gallery for the Society page. I think you should do <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>it</span>, <span class="last-word">yes</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona looked up at her assistant. Gabrielle was tall and shapely and black and had the loveliest French accent that made every word sound like it had been dipped in silver. "Society” was <i class="calibre2">Zociety </i>and "yes” was <i class="calibre2">yezz</i>. The combination of her beauty and her accent had made Gabrielle the perfect hire for The Red. No one could tell this woman no when she said, "You wish to buy it, of course. I will wrap it up <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>for</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I suppose we ought to say yes,” Mona said. "The <i class="calibre2">Times</i> has given us good free <span class="last-word">press</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’ll call them and let them know tomorrow morning. It’s good to let both men and newspapers sweat a little before you tell <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>them</span> <span class="last-word">yes</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Good advice,” Mona said. Gabrielle smiled and strode from the doorway in her black suit and towering black high heels. It was so nice to be able to afford employees again. Since the discovery of the paintings rolled up and hidden in the brass bed, The Red Gallery’s telephone had been ringing day and night with buyers, reporters, and all the curious. Mona had found two paintings hidden in the bedposts, though the art world only knew of one—a lost Picasso, a painting of one of his many mistresses. The second painting she told no one about. She’d had it framed and hung in a place of honor in The Red Gallery with a tag that read "<i class="calibre2">Unknown Man</i>, 1938, artist Anthony <span class="last-word">Devas</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Picasso she’d had authenticated, and, despite the lack of provenance, the art world had gone mad over it. Mona had lent it to an art museum which could provide the best security, cleaning, and crowds to see it. She was entertaining offers from buyers for the Picasso and all the sketches and etchings Malcolm had given her, but she didn’t want to sell them quite yet. The Picasso had been Malcolm’s parting gift to her. Since he’d left her without giving her the child she’d wanted from him, she was reluctant to give up anything associated with him. Every single day she thought of him. She woke up remembering him. She fell asleep and dreamt of him. She pleasured herself fantasizing of him. And every day she came to The Red, unlocked the door, pushed back the curtains, and stared into his dark smiling eyes that stared back at her from inside the gilt frame. She’d hung the portrait of Malcolm where she’d once hung <i class="calibre2">The</i> <i class="calibre2">Fox Hunt</i> by Morland. In her mind, Malcolm was standing there staring at that painting, one hand on his hip, the other on his chin. In her heart, he would always be there. It was in her body where she wanted him, but that wasn’t possible. If Malcolm had been forty or so in 1938, then he would be over one hundred now, making it unlikely he was still alive. Had it been his ghost that had come to her? Had he somehow traveled through time, or otherwise found a way into her in dreams? She didn’t know; she would, most likely, never know. But he’d kept one part of his promise. He’d saved The Red. After the Picasso had been appraised in the millions of dollars, the collections agencies had stopped calling. The bank restructured her loan and she’d been able to take out a line of credit again, hire Gabrielle, have the gallery painted and repaired, and once more the art world was calling. She should have been so <span class="last-word">happy</span>…</p>
      <p class="subsq"><span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>And</span> <span class="last-word">yet</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><span class="last-word">Malcolm</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He’d said she could keep him and so she had. She kept him in a frame on the wall. It wasn’t what she wanted, but it would have to do, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>wouldn’t</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>?</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona sighed. A tear fell from her eye and landed onto the auction catalog. Silly girl, crying over a man who’d paid her to have sex with him. Nonsense. She should act like the grown woman she was and not a lovesick schoolgirl. She yanked open her desk drawer to fetch a tissue and found a book of art she didn’t recall putting in there. She took it out and found a page marked with a red velvet <span class="last-word">ribbon</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><span class="last-word">Malcolm</span>?</p>
      <p class="subsq">She couldn’t breathe. She had to force herself to inhale and exhale as she extracted the book from inside the drawer and laid it atop her desk. She opened the page to the ribbon and <span class="last-word">gasped</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A Rubens painting. <i class="calibre2">The Rape of the Sabine <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Women</span></span></i><span class="last-words-with-potential-runt">, <span class="last-word">1637</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Shivering in fear and shock, Mona stared at the famous painting. She knew it well. They’d studied it in one of her many art history courses. The painting, a riot of movement and color and light, depicted the famous abduction of the daughters of the Sabine men who had refused to allow the Roman men to marry into their families. Mona’s mother had hated that the word <i class="calibre2">raptio</i>—meaning "abduction”—was translated into English as "rape.” She said it made the women sound like victims, when in fact they bravely intervened during the subsequent war between the Sabines and the Romans to put a stop to the killing of their husbands by their fathers and the killing of their fathers by their husbands. But that was the sort of thing her mother would take issue with. Mona had reminded her that even if they hadn’t been raped, they had been kidnapped and forced into marriage. Her mother waved the objection off and told Mona they’d been veritable prisoners of their fathers anyway, so it wasn’t as if life was sunshine and roses before they were abducted. Mona accused her mother of applying her "beauty over truth” standard to history. Her mother had only scoffed and said, "You’ve never heard of the Holy Sabine Empire, have you? The Romans won for a reason.” Mona had let the subject drop and had given the painting little thought <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>since</span> <span class="last-word">then</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Until</span> <span class="last-word">now</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona rose from her chair and ran to the back room. She threw open the door and found…nothing. Nothing but paintings, sculptures, boxes, and supplies. Mona had moved the brass bed to her apartment. The back room was nothing but storage now. Malcolm certainly wasn’t there. She’d half-expected to find him in a Roman centurion’s uniform ready to throw her over his horse’s saddle and ride off with her to his home where he would make her his wife. A nice fantasy, but only a <span class="last-word">fantasy</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Someone was playing a cruel trick on her. Mona closed the door to the back room <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>behind</span> <span class="last-word">her</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’ll lock up now if you like,” Gabrielle said in the office <span class="last-word">doorway</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Yes, thank you,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Mona</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Are you working late <span class="last-word">again</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"<span class="last-word">Always</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You work too much,” Gabrielle said. "You should take time off. You know I can watch The Red for you and Tou-Tou. You haven’t taken a day off since I <span class="last-word">started</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona smiled. Gabrielle was kind and they got along well, but Mona had never worked up the courage to tell her lovely assistant that she came to The Red every day because of Malcolm—because she missed him, because she was certain he wasn’t quite done with her yet. How do you tell a woman as rational and intelligent as Gabrielle that you were in love with a man who was most likely a ghost? You didn’t, of course. So Mona kept her secrets to <span class="last-word">herself</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’ll think about that,” Mona said. Perhaps she would take some time off. She couldn’t be held hostage by a memory all her life, could she? "Although I don’t know what I’d do with <span class="last-word">myself</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You will figure that out.” Gabrielle turned to leave. "<span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Or</span> <span class="last-word">not</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I won’t figure <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>it</span> <span class="last-word">out</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"No, I won’t lock up.” Gabrielle looked at Mona over her shoulder. "He’s <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>still</span> <span class="last-word">here</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">She whispered the last words and Mona narrowed her eyes at her assistant. Gabrielle crooked her finger at Mona and Mona walked over to <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">door</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Who is that?” Gabrielle whispered. "He’s been here for over an hour.” Mona peered into the gallery. A man stood in front of the portrait of Malcolm, one hand on his hip, the other in his pocket. "Tou-Tou <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>likes</span> <span class="last-word">him</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The little black cat sat on the floor at the man’s feet. They both seemed to be staring at the <span class="last-word">painting</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I don’t know,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Mona</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"He’s terribly handsome,” Gabrielle <span class="last-word">whispered</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona couldn’t deny it. She straightened her red skirt and black blouse. "You can go out the side door,” Mona said. "I’ll lock up after <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>he’s</span> <span class="last-word">gone</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Gabrielle smiled. She unbuttoned one button on Mona’s blouse, revealing the lace edge of her <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>black</span> <span class="last-word">bra</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You’ll thank me later,” Gabrielle said before leaving Mona all alone in the gallery with the man in <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">suit</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">After Gabrielle was gone and the gallery empty but for her, Tou-Tou, and the man, Mona forced herself to go out to him. She almost buttoned her blouse up again but didn’t. Why <span class="last-word">bother</span>?</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Sir? We’re closing,” she said. The man didn’t look at her, nor acknowledge that she’d spoken. He had reddish brown hair, wavy and rakish, and his eyes were very dark…but unmistakably blue. Midnight blue. Lean but broad-shouldered, strong nose and strong chin and strong jaw, he was more handsome than any man had a right <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>to</span> <span class="last-word">be</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He looked very familiar to her, but she couldn’t quite <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>place</span> <span class="last-word">him</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"<span class="last-word">Sir</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I need to speak to the owner of this establishment,” the man said in a crisp English <span class="last-word">accent</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’m Mona St. James. I’m the <span class="last-word">owner</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Well, Miss St. James, how much for the <span class="last-word">painting</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"It’s not for sale,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Everything is for sale. Name your price, I’ll <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>pay</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"This painting is <span class="last-word">priceless</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He scoffed. "Priceless? I refuse to believe it means anything to you. You don’t even know who he is, do you? Besides, your card is <span class="last-word">wrong</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I disagree,” she said. "My assistant is very thorough in her research. The painting is clearly marked 1938 and the artist is undoubtedly Anthony <span class="last-word">Devas</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"That’s not what’s incorrect. The subject of the painting is the problem. He’s not an ‘unknown man.’ I know that because I <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>know</span> <span class="last-word">him</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>know</span> <span class="last-word">him</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"His name is Malcolm Arthur Augustus Fitzroy, thirteenth Earl of <span class="last-word">Godwick</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona covered her mouth with her fingers, silencing her gasp. Finally. At last. She knew his name. Malcolm Arthur Augustus Fitzroy. The Earl of <span class="last-word">Godwick</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You know this for <span class="last-word">certain</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I know this for certain,” the <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>man</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"<span class="last-word">How</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He turned and looked at her directly in the face. He had a commanding air to him. Commanding and powerful. A man used to having <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>his</span> <span class="last-word">way</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Because my name is Spencer Arthur Malcolm Fitzroy, and I’m the fifteenth Earl of Godwick. That ‘unknown’ man on your wall is my <span class="last-word">grandfather</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Malcolm is your <span class="last-word">grandfather</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"He was, yes. Although he died long before I was born.” The man’s handsome brow furrowed. "Did you say your name <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>was</span> <span class="last-word">Mona</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Yes,” she said. "You’re Malcolm’s grandson.” She knew she was repeating herself, but she was in too much shock to stay <span class="last-word">silent</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"How did you come across this painting?” the Earl <span class="last-word">asked</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"How did you know I had it?” she <span class="last-word">asked</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I asked you <span class="last-word">first</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I won’t answer until you answer,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"The <i class="calibre2">Sunday Times</i> had an article about a lost Picasso painting found in America. A painting of a woman in red and blue. There was also a photograph of the interior of The Red, with a familiar painting in the background…a painting that once hung in Wingthorn Hall, my family’s <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>ancestral</span> <span class="last-word">home</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I found it rolled up in the post of my bed,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"A brass bed. An antique <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>brass</span> <span class="last-word">bed</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Yes, it is. But how—” She hadn’t told the newspapers the bed was brass. She’d only said "my mother’s <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>old</span> <span class="last-word">bed</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"My grandfather was the last of the great English rakes. His sexual appetite was legendary and his prowess even more so. He refused to marry, to settle down, to do his duty by his name and family. Instead he spent nearly every night in brothels with ‘his darling whores,’ as he called them. That’s all he spent his money on—prostitutes <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>and</span> <span class="last-word">art</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I can think of worse ways to waste one’s <span class="last-word">fortune</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Hardly wasted. The art he purchased saved the family fortune. The economy was in tatters after the war. But art—great art—always goes up in value. Only the Queen has more money than we <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>do</span> <span class="last-word">now</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Malcolm was a very wise man then. And I have to admire an art <span class="last-word">lover</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Oh, he was an art lover, all right. He and his girls would put on plays for the other brothel patrons. They’d reenact scenes from paintings, the more erotic the better. His exploits were legendary. Not too many earls performed in near-public <span class="last-word">orgies</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"A pity,” Mona said. "They <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>should</span> <span class="last-word">have</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Yes, a pity indeed. The family was always trying to tame him. Just when they thought he’d settled down after he turned forty, he fell madly in lust with an eighteen-year-old prostitute named Mona Blessey. He showered her with <span class="last-word">gifts</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Art,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Mona</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Art, indeed.” The Earl nodded. "Sketches—Degas among them. Paintings, including the Picasso you found. And even his own official portrait he ripped off the wall in Wingthorn. At age forty-one, he finally gave in to his mother’s begging and married a girl with no money who would put up with his rakish ways and not make too much of a fuss. The very day he learned she was pregnant, he left her for Mona. An Earl’s wife is a countess. My rather foul-mouthed grandfather called <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Mona</span> <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span class="last-word">his</span>—</span></span>”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"His cuntess,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Mona</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Exactly. How did <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>you</span> <span class="last-word">know</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"An educated guess. <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Go</span> <span class="last-word">on</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"When Mona Blessey’s father learned where they were holed up, he traveled to Scotland and found my grandfather in his daughter’s bed. He ordered my grandfather to return to his wife and unborn child in England and let his daughter go. My grandfather refused. So the man <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>shot</span> <span class="last-word">him</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"In the chest,” Mona said, remembering her dream of <i class="calibre2">The <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Bleeding</span> <span class="last-word">Man</span></span></i>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Yes, in the chest,” the Earl said. "Do <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>you</span> <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span class="last-word">know</span>—</span></span>”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Keep talking. Tell me <span class="last-word">everything</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"He bled out quickly, but he lived long enough to cough out his last words to her father. He said, ‘If I must sell my soul to the devil to do it, I will find a way back into Mona’s bed. A whore will reign as Countess of Godwick. <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>You’ll</span> <span class="last-word">see</span></span>...’ ”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Earl paused. "He died laughing in Mona <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Blessey’s</span> <span class="last-word">arms</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona turned her back on the Earl. She covered her face with her hands and <span class="last-word">breathed</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Hounded by reporters and vilified in the papers, Mona Blessey left for America the very next week. She had the bed my grandfather died in shipped along with her things. I thought that sounded awfully sentimental for a teenage prostitute. I should have known she was using the bed to smuggle the artwork out of the country. Somehow that bed ended up in your <span class="last-word">possession</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"My mother bought it nearly thirty years ago at an estate sale. She told me that’s where my name came from—Mona was the name of the woman who’d owned the bed. Mother said she’d been a courtesan in her youth, and I didn’t believe it. Mother could stretch the truth every now and then. But in this case she was right, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>wasn’t</span> <span class="last-word">she</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"She was,” the Earl said. "And now you know the story of the painting. It belongs to my family. I’ll have to ask you to <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>return</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"No,” she said, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>facing</span> <span class="last-word">him</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"No? No isn’t an option. It’s my family’s <span class="last-word">painting</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"It’s my painting. Malcolm was the rightful owner and gave it to Mona Blessey. Mona put it in her bedpost for safe-keeping. My mother bought the bed. I was conceived in the bed your grandfather died in. The bed is legally mine. The painting was in the bed and therefore the painting is mine and always will be. No court of law in America or the United Kingdom would disagree. And you know it,” she said. "Otherwise you wouldn’t have asked me how much I was willing to sell <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>it</span> <span class="last-word">for</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I was hoping to avoid a legal <span class="last-word">battle</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’ll allow a professional to make a copy of the painting, if you like. But the painting <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>is</span> <span class="last-word">mine</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"He’s my grandfather, not yours. He’s nothing <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>to</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"He’s not nothing to me, not by any stretch of the imagination. You’ve never <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>met</span> <span class="last-word">him</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Neither <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>have</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I know him,” she said. She walked to the painting of Malcolm and stood before it, staring into his gleaming dark eyes. He’d told her of a deathbed promise and that she was his way of fulfilling it. How could she have known it was his own deathbed promise he spoke of? Her mother had named her after Mona Blessey, the whore he’d loved. She’d been conceived in that bed, had slept in it all her life. She’d lost her virginity in that bed and had taken Ryan’s there years later. All the while Malcolm’s spirit or soul or whatever it was that survived his death, was tied to that bed or perhaps tied to the painting in the bed. When the time came when she was at her most desperate, her most vulnerable, her most willing to sell herself to save The Red, Malcolm came to her in the flesh even though he’d been dead for decades. He’d come to her in the flesh because he’d sold his soul to the devil to do it. And the devil had smirked, not smiled, because the devil does not <span class="last-word">smile</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Malcolm…” she <span class="last-word">breathed</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Earl came to stand behind her. She felt uncomfortably aware of his body so close to hers, the subtle heat of him, his looming height, the power of him barely restrained by a suit and good <span class="last-word">breeding</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You know him,” he said. "You mean that, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>don’t</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"<span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>I</span> <span class="last-word">do</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"<span class="last-word">Dreams</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">She turned and faced him. "Something <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>like</span> <span class="last-word">that</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He sighed, nodded. "I have them too. Sometimes I think I’m losing my mind, they’re so vivid, so <span class="last-word">powerful</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Malcolm comes to you in your <span class="last-word">dreams</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Once a year. At most twice a year. We talk. He…guides me, I suppose you could say. He says I take after him. I shouldn’t take that as a compliment but I do. Two years ago I almost married someone, and I had a dream that the old Earl told me not to do it. We broke up and later I found she had only pretended to be in love with me. She wanted the title, not me. He saved me from a bad marriage—all from within a <span class="last-word">dream</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona remembered something Malcolm had told her, that he was fond only of his youngest offspring, the one who took after him. That had to be the Earl. Spencer Arthur Malcolm Fitzroy, the youngest child in his <span class="last-word">bloodline</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Another time…” The Earl’s voice trailed off. "I can’t remember much of the dream. But there was a girl in it with hair as red as fire and apples. Like <span class="last-word">yours</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">So that was why he seemed so familiar. The Earl of Godwick—this arrogant man—was her dream lover, the man with the midnight eyes. He looked different without the beard, but it was him. Right here before her in the flesh, with blue eyes so dark and cold that she shivered as if submerged in the deepest coldest <span class="last-word">ocean</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"They’re only dreams,” he said, and it sounded as if he were telling that to himself, that he needed to believe they were only dreams when he knew <span class="last-word">otherwise</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Not only,” Mona said. "Not only <span class="last-word">dreams</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Don’t say such things,” he <span class="last-word">snapped</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"If you insist.” She could have told him more. She could have recounted their "luncheon on the grass” together; she could have told him about her other nights with Malcolm, and the all too real stains on the sheets every morning after. But no. A serious, stern man like the Earl would probably go mad to know that life and death weren’t as absolute as they <span class="last-word">seemed</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I have to have the painting,” he said. "I simply have to have it. There is a blank space on the wall that’s been waiting since 1938 for my grandfather to come home. I won’t leave here <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>without</span> <span class="last-word">him</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You’ll have to. The painting is mine. He wanted me to <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>have</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You say these dreams are more than dreams? Tell me then why in my last dream of him, he made me promise that I would do anything to bring it home? <span class="last-word">Anything</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’m afraid Malcolm is playing one last little trick on us.” She sympathized with the Earl, but Malcolm had told her to keep the painting, no <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>matter</span> <span class="last-word">what</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Any <span class="last-word">price</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I won’t sell it,” she said. "It’s mine. It goes where I go and that’s the end of it. I’m sorry, but my decision is final. If you want to sue me for the painting, you may. I’ll win, but if you feel you must, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>you</span> <span class="last-word">must</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You have no idea how much money I could pay you for that <span class="last-word">painting</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"This has nothing to do with money. I have a Picasso in my possession that’s been appraised for thirteen million dollars. And now that you’ve given me impeccable provenance, it will fetch <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>even</span> <span class="last-word">more</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I could give you more than thirteen million dollars for my grandfather’s <span class="last-word">painting</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I told you, it’s not about the money. No amount of money in the world would buy that painting from me. It’s not for sale. As we say in this country, sir, no <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>means</span> <span class="last-word">no</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Earl seemed to ponder that for a good long time. Mona meant every word. Had he pulled out his wallet and written her a check for one hundred billion dollars she would have torn it into pieces and scattered it on the floor like <span class="last-word">confetti</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"It goes where you go,” the <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Earl</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"As I said, I won’t part with the painting as long as I live. And I plan on living a good <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>long</span> <span class="last-word">life</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I see.” He put his hand on his hip again, his other hand on his chin. He stared at Malcolm and Malcolm returned the gaze. "There’s a story they tell of him in the family, one we have never made public. Mona Blessey wasn’t a prostitute. She was the respectable daughter of the family steward—respectable until my grandfather took an interest in her, that was. One night her father lost everything at the card tables, ruining the family and Mona’s prospects for marriage. My grandfather offered to make her his mistress. She warned him her father would kill him if they were caught together. My grandfather kidnapped her anyway and spirited her off to <span class="last-word">Scotland</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Why do I think she didn’t put up much of a <span class="last-word">fight</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Because you know my grandfather. His ‘victim’ had her bags packed the night he stole her out of her bed. He did whatever he wanted and cared nothing for what anyone thought of him. He died laughing in his lover’s bed. He took what he wanted and asked no man’s permission. What a way to live. A better way to die. Wouldn’t you <span class="last-word">agree</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Yes,” she said. "The world needs more men like Malcolm, more women like Mona <span class="last-word">Blessey</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’m glad to hear you say that,” he said. "I couldn’t <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>agree</span> <span class="last-word">more</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The Earl stepped forward and plucked Malcolm’s painting off the wall. Mona lunged forward to rescue it but the Earl wrapped his other arm around her hips, hoisted her over his shoulder, and carried her out of the gallery and into the back seat of a long black town car waiting in the alley <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>out</span> <span class="last-word">back</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You planned to steal my painting, didn’t you?” Mona demanded as he threw her down onto the supple leather <span class="last-word">seats</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"It was Plan B,” he said. Then he called up to the chauffeur with a haughty "<span class="last-word">Drive</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You could be arrested for this,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The car rolled out of the alley and onto the street. She tried the doors but they were all locked. Mona knew she should have been panicking, but she wasn’t afraid at all. Only <span class="last-word">furious</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Arrested? For what? For eloping? It’s not a crime. Would you rather be married in Scotland or America? I’ll let you make that decision. Marriage, I hear, is all about <span class="last-word">compromise</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He propped the painting up on the bench seat across from them. If it were possible—and now she believed anything was—Malcolm’s eyes seemed to be <span class="last-word">laughing</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Married? Have you lost <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>your</span> <span class="last-word">mind</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Only my inhibitions,” he said. "And you did say the painting goes where you go and that you’d never sell it. If we marry, it becomes half mine. And half is better than nothing. You’ll love Wingthorn. The most beautiful home in the country. Lady Mona has a nice ring to it, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>doesn’t</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Look, Lord Godwick or whoever the hell <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>you</span> <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span class="last-word">are</span>—</span></span>”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Call me Spencer, love. We are going to be married, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>after</span> <span class="last-word">all</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Turn this car around right now and take me back to my gallery, <i class="calibre2"><span class="last-word">Spencer</span></i>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You can return to the gallery once we’re married. If you wish. Although I’d rather keep you at Wingthorn with me. Ever seen a Wingthorn rose? White petals, red thorns big as knife points. Beautiful and dangerous, my favorite <span class="last-word">combination</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"The minute you turn your back on me I’m calling the police,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Mona</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I won’t turn my back then,” he said. "I’d rather look at you <span class="last-word">anyway</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He raised his hand to touch her face, and she tried to slap it away. He caught her by the wrist and yanked her to him, capturing her in his arms and holding her against his <span class="last-word">chest</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Aren’t you a darling,” he said as he subdued her with his vastly superior physical strength. He clasped the back of her neck with his hand and she gave up the fight. He looked at her face, at her lips, at her neck. In her struggle against him, her blouse had opened, revealing the swell of her breasts. Gently he touched her panting chest with his fingertips. "How old <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>are</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Twenty-six,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’m thirty-seven. Time to settle down, I’ve <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>been</span> <span class="last-word">told</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"This is how you settle down? By kidnapping me and forcing me to marry you for a painting? I won’t do it. I have a cat to take <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>care</span> <span class="last-word">of</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Surely your exquisite assistant can care for him until we can bring him over. I like pussies of all varieties. He’ll be our little lord of the <span class="last-word">manor</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I don’t even have my passport, you <span class="last-word">bastard</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"We’ll go and fetch it.” He lowered the window an inch between the back seat and the front. "Driver? Swing up by Miss St. James’s flat.” He rolled the window back up again and smiled at her. "Not a <span class="last-word">problem</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"<span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>You’re</span> <span class="last-word">mad</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"And you’re lovely when you’re furious. I can’t wait to make you furious for years and years <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>to</span> <span class="last-word">come</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Take me back to the gallery this instant. I will not <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>marry</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Won’t you?” he asked, tilting his head to the side, his tone <span class="last-word">taunting</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Never,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Most women of my acquaintance would kill to be a wealthy <span class="last-word">countess</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Marry one of <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>them</span> <span class="last-word">then</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He traced the lace at the edge of her bra and her skin prickled with <span class="last-word">pleasure</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Where’s the fun in marrying someone who wants to marry you? I prefer a <span class="last-word">challenge</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’m a person, not a challenge. This isn’t <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>a</span> <span class="last-word">game</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"It is a game, and I’m going to win. See?” He pressed his lips to hers and she pushed back away from him, or tried to. He let her go only so far before he forced her to return the kiss. With his hand on the nape of her neck and his other arm pinning her against him, she could do nothing but surrender to <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">kiss</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">But she refused to <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>enjoy</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Spencer lips moved over hers with surprising softness that left her breathless and warm. His tongue darted out from his mouth and licked the bow of her bottom lip. It shocked her into opening her mouth and the second she did, his tongue slipped inside. His mouth was hot against her and insistent. Every time his tongue touched hers, a current of pure erotic electricity shot through her body and into her loins. She tried to hate him and hate the kiss and hate what was happening to her, and perhaps she would have had she never known and loved Malcolm. But he’d trained her to submit to the lusts of powerful men. Trained her to do it and trained her to like it. No, not to like it. He’d trained her to love it. She hated Spencer, this arrogant Earl who acted as if he already owned her. But she couldn’t hate his kisses, try as she might. God help her, she might even <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>love</span> <span class="last-word">them</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Spencer reached into her blouse and slid his hand under the lace cup of her bra. He found her nipple and pinched it lightly. She flinched and her nipple hardened instantly. Spencer chuckled softly at her arousal and she tried to push away from him <span class="last-word">again</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Oh no, you’re not going anywhere,” he said, pinching the nipple again, harder this time. She struggled against him again but Spencer was far too strong. He pushed the lace cup down, baring her breast. She stilled in his inescapable grasp. He looked down at her breast, caressed the soft flesh and smiled. He lowered his head and licked her nipple before taking it into his hot <span class="last-word">mouth</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona’s head fell back in ecstasy but Spencer caught her and held her against his shoulder. As he suckled her breast, he slid his hand under her skirt, found the edge of her black panties and pulled them down. He brought his hand between her thighs, cupped her sex, and inserted a finger into her. He moaned softly against her body. She was wet inside and burning hot. He pushed a second finger in, a third, and all the way up to the knuckles. He fucked her with his hand as he sucked her nipple and there was nothing she could do but take it. He was going to make her orgasm, force her to orgasm. She didn’t want to, she didn’t. Once she did she would be his, all his, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>forever</span> <span class="last-word">his</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"The things I will do to you…” he murmured against <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>her</span> <span class="last-word">skin</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"What <span class="last-word">things</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’ll keep you a naked slave chained to my bed. I’ll show off your cunt to every man who crosses the threshold of my house so they can see my prized possession and envy me. I will fuck beautiful women in front of you and send them home right after, still dripping my seed, so you will know that I can have any girl I want but you, you’ll be the only one I’ll keep. I will tie you to the dining room table and drink my wine out of you. I’ll let my dearest friends bend you over the billiard table and fuck your pussy and ass while I sit in my favorite club chair, sipping Scotch and watching you writhe for my entertainment. Then later when I’m fucking you in our bed, you will tell me in exquisite detail how much you prefer my cock to theirs. You’re a magnificent whore and I will wrap you around my cock every day for the rest of <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>your</span> <span class="last-word">life</span></span>…”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona couldn’t hold back anymore. She came with a cry, muscles going wild all around Spencer’s fingers buried deep inside her. He swore violently as she came, seemingly shocked by the force of her orgasm. Slowly her eyes opened and she looked at him, blinking and <span class="last-word">spent</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Scotland,” she said. "Let’s be married in <span class="last-word">Scotland</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Her mother would have approved this <span class="last-word">match</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Lovely little girl,” Spencer said, smiling. "Though it’ll kill me, I won’t stick my cock in you until after the ceremony if only so we can tell our children someday how their mother and father waited till marriage. They won’t need to know I kidnapped you and forced you to marry me the day <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>we</span> <span class="last-word">met</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Our little secret,” she said. She would never tell Spencer they’d met once before, made love once before. To him it was nothing but a dream, but she knew. She and Malcolm knew. Their little <span class="last-word">secret</span>…</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You’re going to make me a marvelous countess, I can already tell,” he said, tenderly caressing her swollen clitoris under her skirt. "A fine lady by day, a better whore by night. My <span class="last-word">whore</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Your whore,” she said, sighing. Spencer kissed her again and she let him. Why not? She was his now and always would be. This is what Malcolm planned, this is what he wanted to bring about, and in a day or two it would be done. Malcolm wanted her to have his heir, he had said, and now she would indeed have his heir—she would have Spencer for a husband and Spencer would have her for his lover and his slave. She would have Spencer’s children, the next heirs. And Mona, the whore, would reign as the Countess of <span class="last-word">Godwick</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">From inside his frame, the portrait of Malcolm <span class="last-word">smiled</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Or was it a <span class="last-word">smirk</span>?</p>
      <hr class="implicit-break1"/>
      <div class="alignment-block">
        <p class="alignment-block-content2"><i class="calibre2"><span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>The</span> <span class="last-word">End</span></span>.</i></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
