<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>The Slave Market</title>
    <meta content="urn:uuid:02c5eec2-6d51-4f38-91f2-7d34e621c0e8" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="../stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="../page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
  <body class="content">
  <div class="title-page-contributor-primary-block" id="chapter-004">
    <div class="heading" id="chapter-004-heading">
      <div class="heading-contents">
        <div class="title-page-contributor-primary-block">
          <div class="element-number-block">
          </div>
          <div class="title-page-contributor-primary-block">
            <h1 class="title">The Slave <span>Market</span></h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="title-page-contributor-primary-block" id="chapter-004-text">
      <p class="pcalibre first1"><span><span class="first-letter2">M</span>ona called around</span> to every gallery in town and was given the name and number for Sebastian Leon, a well-respected Degas historian. She took the sketch to him at his apartment on the West Side. When he opened the door to let her in, she was surprised by how young and handsome he was. He couldn’t have been more than thirty-five, and the energy with which he greeted her and the sketch was that of an eager <span class="last-word">schoolboy</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I couldn’t sit still waiting for you,” Sebastian said as he pulled her into his apartment. It was a small, intimate sort of place, brick walls painted white with colored framed Degas prints and sketches hung everywhere she looked. He led her to his blue velvet sofa, gave her a glass of white wine, and he sat next to her so close their shoulders touched. "I’ve been <span class="last-word">pacing</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He spoke with near childlike enthusiasm. A man who loved art. She liked him <span class="last-word">already</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Here it is,” she said. "I need to know if it’s <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>really</span> <span class="last-word">his</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Sebastian took the sketch from her, which she’d pressed flat into a leather portfolio. He put on white cloth gloves, opened the portfolio and said, "Ahh…” at the sight of it. "Beautiful.” He had curling dark hair, long enough to tuck behind his ears. The curls fell over his forehead as he bent to examine the <span class="last-word">sketch</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Have you seen it before?” she asked, looking more at Sebastian than at the <span class="last-word">sketch</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Other sketches like it, but not this one. It looks like his lines. Just like it,” Sebastian said. He picked up a magnifying glass and examined the signature. He sniffed the paper, explaining that forgeries often had a recognizable <span class="last-word">smell</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"What do you think?” she asked when he at last placed the sketch into the portfolio and closed it again reverently, like a monk closing his illuminated <span class="last-word">Bible</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"It’s real,” he said with a boyish grin. "It’s absolutely real. I have no <span class="last-word">doubt</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Wonderful,” she said. "<span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>How</span> <span class="last-word">much</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"If it were me—and I wish it was—I’d have it insured for sixty thousand at <span class="last-word">least</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I will. Thank you.” They clinked their wine glasses in a toast and drank in their <span class="last-word">happiness</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I have to ask,” he said as she set his glass down on the table. "Where does it come from? You have the <span class="last-word">provenance</span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"A man gave it to me as <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>a</span> <span class="last-word">gift</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"A man gave it to you? Simply gave it <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>to</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"He’d taken me to bed the night before,” she said, wanting to impress handsome Sebastian, perhaps even shock him. "The next morning he had white roses and that sketch delivered to the <span class="last-word">gallery</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I don’t know who I envy more,” he said. "You for having the sketch. Or him, for <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>having</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Sebastian didn’t try to take her to bed, but she sensed he wanted to. Professional courtesy kept him chaste, perhaps? She kissed him goodbye on the cheek, and he told her if her lover had any Degas paintings in storage, she should do whatever he asked to get one. No maidenly modesty in the world was worth more than a Degas painting. Mona promised him that she would do anything she <span class="last-word">could</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It was a promise she meant <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>to</span> <span class="last-word">keep</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It took very little time to have the sketch insured, especially with Sebastian Leon’s imprimatur behind it. And overnight she was worth sixty thousand more dollars, and all for selling her body to Malcolm. She felt no guilt over sleeping with Malcolm in exchange for valuable art. Although she’d been desperately sore after their night together and had worn finger-sized pale blue bruises on her breasts for a week afterwards, she felt no negative aftereffects. She’d even gone to the nearest clinic and had herself tested for every possible venereal disease and after a tense two weeks of waiting received the results—all negative. Nor was she pregnant, which hadn’t concerned her as much since she was on the pill. He was keeping his end of the bargain. Nothing to do but <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>keep</span> <span class="last-word">hers</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">One month <span class="last-word">passed</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">She knew it was time for another liaison when she walked into her office the fourth Saturday evening after her first assignation with Malcolm and found a book of art history on her desk that she hadn’t left there. Inside the book was her red velvet choker that Malcolm had taken off her neck while she’d slept. Now it was a bookmark. So this is how he intended to give her instructions on how to wait for him, by showing her a painting? How fitting. How very Malcolm. Last time it had been Manet’s <i class="calibre2">Olympia</i>. Her hand shook with equal parts nervousness and excitement as she opened <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">page</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq"><i class="calibre2">The Slave Market</i> by Jean-Léon <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Gérôme</span>, <span class="last-word">1866</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Interesting choice. Ostensibly it was a painting that showed the horrors of the Near East slave trade. A young girl was stripped naked by her owner in the open market square while men—prospective buyers—gathered round her and inspected the goods on display. One man even held her by her hair and put his finger in mouth to examine her teeth. Horrible, yes. Oh, but titillating too. She’d always thought of it as a teenage boy’s fantasy of the slave trade—idealized, romanticized, and eroticized. Imperialistic colonial pornography. Yet the naked girl was beautiful with her golden skin, her dark black hair. Unlike Olympia she was passive, accepting the men’s gaze, their touch, their ownership of her without a challenge. She could see why Malcolm would want her in this pose. Would he examine her teeth as well? She’d have to behave herself. The temptation to bite him if he put a finger in her mouth would be almost <span class="last-word">overwhelming</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">So she was to be his slave girl in the marketplace tomorrow <span class="last-word">night</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Very well. She could do that. Sunday after she closed the gallery, she went to her apartment to nap and to shower and to shave. She arranged her hair as best she could to match the girl in the Gérôme painting. She parted it down the middle and tied it with a purple ribbon at the nape of her neck. Wearing her favorite purple summer dress and sandals, she walked back to the gallery. This time she packed empty glass tumblers she could fill with water at the gallery from the bathroom tap. She didn’t want to give Malcolm any more <span class="last-word">ideas</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He seemed to have enough ideas of <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>his</span> <span class="last-word">own</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It was near midnight when she returned to the gallery. She was eager to see Malcolm again, and even more eager to see what artwork she’d earn from his collection. At least she told herself all she cared about was earning the art, earning money for The Red. That she enjoyed earning the money was beside the point. And yet, her step was quick and she’d spent half the day checking the <span class="last-word">clock</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>was</span> <span class="last-word">time</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">She went to the red door that led to the back room, took a steadying breath, and pushed it open. At once she was seized by rough male hands and dragged into the room. The door slammed behind her and she was pushed against it, her back to it. She tried to scream but a hand covered her <span class="last-word">mouth</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"<span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Quiet</span>, <span class="last-word">girl</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The words came from Malcolm, though he did not look as he did when she’d last seen him. He’d grown a short beard and mustache, which made him look older, even slightly sinister. He held a rope in one hand. So it was to be role play? Very well. She’d given him carte blanche. Anything meant anything. She shouldn’t be shocked or afraid. But she was afraid. <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>She</span> <span class="last-word">was</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">They weren’t <span class="last-word">alone</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">With Malcolm’s hand over her mouth she glanced around the room wildly in her panic. Four men in suits stood waiting by a wooden box in the center of the room. All four men wore masquerade masks—one black, one gray, one red, one gold. They were cyphers in their masks, anonymous. Only Malcolm was <span class="last-word">unmasked</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Is there a problem with the girl?” one of the men called out, the one in the red mask. His tone was <span class="last-word">imperious</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Not at all,” Malcolm said. "I’ve <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>got</span> <span class="last-word">her</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Let’s see her then,” the man in the black mask said. He sounded bored, impatient. "We haven’t got all <span class="last-word">night</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Who were these men? She couldn’t ask because Malcolm had ordered her into silence and his hand still covered her <span class="last-word">mouth</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Coming,” Malcolm said. "You won’t be <span class="last-word">disappointed</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He spun her without warning, turning her back to him. He put his mouth at her ear and whispered, "Do not fight me, girl. Put on a good show. I want a high price <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>for</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">A good show… He’d told her last time she existed to entertain him. So be it. She nodded and said nothing, though her heart still raced with terror. Would he let all these men fuck her? No. She knew he <span class="last-word">wouldn’t</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Or <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>did</span> <span class="last-word">she</span></span>?</p>
      <p class="subsq">He took her by the arms and pulled her away from the door. He walked behind her, steering her to the center of the room where the four masked men waited. She tried to study their faces but only one lamp was lit, and they were all in shadows. Only the colors of their masks could be clearly seen. She looked at the floor <span class="last-word">instead</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"On the box,” Malcolm ordered and she stepped up onto the low wooden platform. Malcolm bent and pulled her shoes from her feet, tossing them into the shadows. He stood and mounted the platform <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>behind</span> <span class="last-word">her</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Let’s have a look,” the man in the gold mask said and the other masked men nodded their heads in <span class="last-word">agreement</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Behind her, Malcolm dragged the straps of her purple summer dress down her arms. She wore no bra and she had to force herself not to fight him as he pushed her dress down and let it pool at her feet. In an instant he had a small sharp knife out and he used the blade to cut her panties off her hips and those he tossed into the shadows with her <span class="last-word">shoes</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">She was naked, completely naked, and standing in front of four strange men. Malcolm produced a rope from his jacket pocket and used it to tie her hands in front of her. Then he reached high and she looked up. He’d hung a metal hook from a ceiling beam. With a swift and easy motion that showed he’d done this sort of thing a thousand times before, Malcolm hoisted her hands over her head and secured the ropes on her wrists to <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">hook</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">There was no <span class="last-word">escape</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona wiggled her hands and the men chuckled at the sight of her <span class="last-word">struggles</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Here we are, gentlemen,” Malcolm said. "Tonight’s best lot. Take your time. Bid high. She’s <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>worth</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’ll be the judge of that,” the man in the red mask said as he stepped up onto the wooden platform. Malcolm stood behind her, holding her hair in his hand. Mona panted in fear and anticipation. The red-masked man placed his hand on her quivering stomach and stroked her side <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>and</span> <span class="last-word">hips</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Very smooth skin,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>he</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"The smoothest you’ll find on the market,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Malcolm</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The red-masked man took a hard handful of her thigh and gripped it, slapped it. The men watching laughed <span class="last-word">again</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"The breasts are particularly fine,” Malcolm said. "As <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>you</span> <span class="last-word">see</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I see,” the red-masked <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>man</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I don’t,” said <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>another</span> <span class="last-word">man</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Then come see for yourself,” Malcolm <span class="last-word">ordered</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The man in the red mask stepped off the platform and the man in the gold mask stepped on. Without hesitation he groped her right breast with a large strong hand. Mona cried out more in shock than pain. With her hands tied so high, her breasts were exposed and she couldn’t cover them in any way. It was stunning to be touched so intimately by a stranger. He lifted the breast as if to weigh it in his palm, then he pulled the nipple, twisting it a little, teasing and <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>testing</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Very nice,” the gold-masked man said, nodding. He shifted to the side and did the same to her left breast. He groped it firmly, squeezed it, lifted and weighed it, before pinching the nipple again, tugging it, and letting it go. "How’s <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">ass</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"See for yourself.” Malcolm turned her so that her back was to the gold-masked man. She felt a hand on her backside, rubbing her from her hip to her upper <span class="last-word">thigh</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"A full ass,” the man said, pleased, as he rubbed. "Soft but not too soft.” He slapped it once and Mona gasped, gasped again when he gripped it in both hands and squeezed it, then pinched it. "Young firm flesh. My <span class="last-word">favorite</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I told you she was worth the money,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Malcolm</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It was unbearable, being treated like this, treated like chattel. She burned hot with shame and humiliation. Tears stung her eyes. Her breathing was labored and her arms ached. She wanted to cover herself so <span class="last-word">badly</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"We have to see the cunt first,” another man said. "You <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>know</span> <span class="last-word">that</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Of course,” Malcolm said, laughing. "Of course you have to see <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">cunt</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Let’s see <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>it</span> <span class="last-word">then</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona groaned as Malcolm turned her to face the four men again. Two of them stepped onto the platform, the man in the black mask and the man in the red mask. Each of them took one of her legs in his hands and hoisted her off her feet. They held her thighs open, her feet dangling helplessly in mid-air, her sex open and exposed. The man in the gray mask stepped forward. He didn’t stand on the platform. He was at eye level with her <span class="last-word">vulva</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">She shivered and moaned as the man in the gray mask extended his hand and lightly touched her <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>pubic</span> <span class="last-word">lips</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Exquisite,” he said. "Well-<span class="last-word">formed</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Tight too,” Malcolm said. "But she can take anything you want to <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>give</span> <span class="last-word">her</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">She saw the hint of a smile on the gray mask’s lips. With his thumb and forefinger, he opened the inner folds of her vulva, revealing the hole, the entrance to her body. He slipped one finger <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>into</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"And wet. Very wet,” the man in the gray mask said. It was true. Humiliating but true. For all her shame and fear, she was undeniably aroused as well. The man inserted a second finger into her and spread the two fingers wide in a V. She felt herself opening. It was a violation of the sanctity of her body. Why did she <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>relish</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>?</p>
      <p class="subsq">"What have we here…” the man said as he pushed his fingertip into a deep hollow inside her, near the pubic bone. He pushed hard into the hollow, poked the hollow, prodded at it, teased the delicate dancing nerves. "I can feel her pulse right here. Very <span class="last-word">rapid</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Let me feel it,” the man in the gold mask said. She was empty again but only for a moment, as the gold-masked man put his finger into her and found that same little hollow along the back wall. Her head fell back onto Malcolm’s shoulder as the man in the gold man fingered and fondled her while she hung in the air, spread out and on display. The man in the gold mask examined her clitoris as well, kneeling in front of her and pulling up the tiny hood of flesh to see the organ. It was swollen and she hated herself for that. She hated it all, hated being held, being opened, being examined and <span class="last-word">displayed</span>…</p>
      <p class="subsq">Oh, but she loved <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>it</span> <span class="last-word">too</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">As the man in the gold mask continued to spread out and probe her sex, the man in the black mask turned his attention to her mouth. She struggled against Malcolm’s shoulder as the man pried her lips <span class="last-word">apart</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Don’t bite,” he chided as he stuck a finger into her mouth. She felt it against her teeth. He was counting them, she could tell. But when he was done, he left his finger pressed lightly against her tongue. Now they’d made her mute. A hand that belonged to someone, she didn’t know which man, grasped her breast again and cupped it roughly. A hot mouth latched onto her other nipple and sucked it hard. The fingers worked inside her sex, stroking and rubbing and opening her up wider and wider. She heard the sounds of her own intense wetness. Her labia were pulled and tugged like her nipples, lightly slapped before he, whoever it was this time, pushed his fingers into her again. Three fingers this time, or was it four? She couldn’t tell anymore. She was dripping with need. Five men and their mouths and their hands were all together touching her, fondling her, sucking her and penetrating her mouth and her sex as she writhed and moaned softly, unable to protest or cry out or beg for mercy or—even worse and far more likely—begged them to fuck her. She craved their cocks, all five of them. Before, she’d feared Malcolm would let them fuck her. Now she feared he wouldn’t. But these were mad thoughts. She couldn’t let that happen. She struggled in the iron grasp of the five men, but it did no good, only harm, as the writhing brought her even closer to <span class="last-word">climax</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Then they all let <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>her</span> <span class="last-word">go</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">It happened so fast, she would have fallen to the floor if the rope hadn’t held her wrists. They released her and stepped off the platform as if someone had given a command she hadn’t heard. She shivered, suddenly cold. Only Malcolm still stood close. She wanted to press her body into his, but he had her by the waist, holding her in <span class="last-word">place</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Well, gentlemen, any other requests?” Malcolm asked. "Are we ready to start the <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>bidding</span> <span class="last-word">yet</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">She braced herself for the haggling. What were they buying? The right to fuck her? Or was it still part of <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">game</span></span>?</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Bend her over,” one of the men said. "Let’s see all her <span class="last-word">holes</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"If you insist,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Malcolm</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I want to know exactly what I’m getting,” the man in the red mask said. "If it’s no <span class="last-word">trouble</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I admire a savvy buyer. And no,” Malcolm said. "No trouble at all. I’ll put her on the <span class="last-word">pedestal</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Very good,” the red-masked man said. The other three men murmured their <span class="last-word">assent</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Pedestal? What sort of pedestal? Malcolm dragged her off the wooden platform and into the shadows. The light followed as one of the men lifted the floor candle and carried it over to the far corner of the room where Malcolm was taking her. She saw something there, something waist high and covered with a large velvet cloth. Malcolm pulled off the cloth and dropped it to the floor. It was a black leather stool of sorts, but wide enough for her to kneel upon easily. Jutting up from the center of the seat was a large thick phallus, smooth black leather and terrifyingly long—a foot long at least. She shrank from the sight of it, but Malcolm didn’t allow her to flee. He lifted her off her feet and placed her on the top of the pedestal. He took her hips and angled them so that the tip of the phallus kissed the entrance of <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>her</span> <span class="last-word">hole</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Take it,” he said, an order she couldn’t refuse. Her body wouldn’t let her. She went down onto her hands and knees and sank onto the phallus, sliding her knees apart and taking as much of it into her as she could. As wet as she was, the massive object went into her easily and she rocked on it a little to take even more. She felt the muscles giving way to the phallus, accepting it, engulfing it. Malcolm had her pinned like a moth under glass. Pinned and put on <span class="last-word">display</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Gentlemen, have a look,” Malcolm said. "I have oil here if you <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>need</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The consummate <span class="last-word">salesman</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona hung her head, hiding her face behind her hair as the first man whose face she couldn’t see in this position came behind her and spread her buttocks apart. He made a pleased sound like he liked what he saw. He touched her with a finger and she gasped and shuddered. The fingertip was wet, covered in some sort of thick oil or lubricant. He slicked it all over the little hole, all around it. She tingled at the unusual sensation. It wasn’t unpleasant being caressed there on that sensitive opening, wasn’t unpleasant when the man slid a single finger into her as far as his finger could go. He held the finger in her, not moving it for a long time. She heard the men talking among themselves, saying things like "Very nice” and "Well done.” Inside her she felt the man moving his finger, not in and out, but around in a circle, opening her ever more <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>and</span> <span class="last-word">more</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You have a plug?” the man asked <span class="last-word">Malcolm</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Of course,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Malcolm</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The finger left her but she soon felt something cold against her, cold and smooth like another phallus but far narrower than the one inside her sex. The man wielding it pushed the tip into her, paused, then pushed it in a few inches more as Mona let out a tense hiss between her teeth. Never before had a lover put anything into her ass—not a finger, not a phallus, not a cock. Yet here it was, going in as if it was made for her body. The man slid it in to the hilt and stopped. The base of the plug would let it go no deeper. Soft moans escaped her lips as Mona’s body adjusted itself to being doubly penetrated on the pedestal. She rocked back and forth, fucking herself with the phallus inside her vagina as the four prospective "buyers” walked around her. One stroked her hair, lifted it and sniffed it. Another stood by her face and took her nipples between his fingers and lightly pulled them. His fingers were cold and sent currents of electricity through her breasts and back. Another man played with her clitoris. His fingertip was wet with the oil as he stroked her. The last man rubbed her buttocks, caressing them lightly but over and over again. Sometimes he would pause to touch the plug or the phallus between <span class="last-word">caresses</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Now, gentlemen,” Malcolm began, "let’s start the bidding, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>shall</span> <span class="last-word">we</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’ll take her for a hundred,” the man in the red mask said. A hundred dollars? A hundred thousand? A <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>hundred</span> <span class="last-word">days</span></span>?</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Anyone wish to counter-offer?” Malcolm <span class="last-word">asked</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Too rich for my blood,” the man in the gold mask said. He pinched her nipples again and she flinched as her sex contracted around the <span class="last-word">phallus</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Mine too, I’m afraid,” said another man. He slapped her thigh lightly as if saying goodbye to prize <span class="last-word">horseflesh</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’d love to take her,” the last man said. "But I promised myself I wouldn’t spend more than <span class="last-word">eighty</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Then I think we have a deal, my good sir,” Malcolm said. The man in the red mask had been the one fondling her clitoris. Through the veil of her hair she saw him and Malcolm shaking hands. They moved out of her eye line, stood behind her. "Shall I take her off the pedestal <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>for</span> <span class="last-word">you</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"No,” the man in the red mask said. "Leave her there. I’ll <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>handle</span> <span class="last-word">it</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">She heard footsteps, the door opening and closing, but she was certain the man in the red mask hadn’t left her because she felt his finger on her clitoris again. And then on her labia split wide by the huge phallus <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>penetrating</span> <span class="last-word">her</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Magnificent,” he said. "Worth every <span class="last-word">penny</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He took her hips in his hands and pushed her down, forcing her to take more of the phallus. Her head came up and she moaned with need. She could barely see. Everything was red. The blood behind her eyes, the blaze of her desire, the engorged flesh of her sex, all red, red everything everywhere, red as the man’s mask, the man who owned her. He lifted her up and off the pedestal and put her on her feet. He’d opened his black suit pants and his cock was out, erect and glistening with fluid at the engorged red tip. She had to have it inside her. She had to. She reached for it but he caught her hands, pushed her back into the wall and held her wrists over her head. Desperate, she thrust her hips forward to rub against him. Every move she made sent wild tremors through her body. The plug was deep in her ass still and she wanted it there. But she needed his cock inside her too. Needed it more than <span class="last-word">anything</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">He guided the tip to graze her painfully swollen clitoris and she cried out. With one quick pump of his hips, he pushed the tip through the folds of her labia. With one more pump he penetrated her and with a final pump he entered her entirely. She came off her feet as he lifted her with his hips and pinned her again, this time against the wall. Her breasts bounced as his thrusts lifted her and lifted her. She was nearly screaming in her ecstasy, out of her mind with her pleasure. It felt like she had a rod of iron inside her, as thick, as hot, and as hard as anything could be. She didn’t know this man at all but he owned her. He’d bought her body and now he owned her. She was his slave, his possession, chattel, an object, his to do with as he willed. And what he willed was to fuck her against the wall, ram himself deep into her, pound her and pound her until she came with an unholy moan. Her head fell back against the wall and the man in the red mask kissed her neck, sucking the skin there until she felt it break against his teeth. She didn’t care. The pain spiked the pleasure. The plug in her ass and the cock in her pussy magnified the orgasm a hundred times. His thrusts were relentless. The man in the mask rammed her once more, twice more, a third time and then she felt the burning seed explode inside her so deep she could swear she could taste it on her <span class="last-word">tongue</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Mona went limp, but she was still impaled on the man’s penis, her feet twined around his thighs, her back pressed to the wall. She rested her head on his shoulder and breathed. Who was this man who’d bought her? What would he do with her? What had she given herself over to? It was wrong, all wrong. She shouldn’t be having sex with this stranger, this cypher, this ghost. She put her hands on his chest to push <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>him</span> <span class="last-word">away</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Put me down,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"<span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Not</span> <span class="last-word">yet</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"No, now,” she said though he remained inside her, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>still</span> <span class="last-word">hard</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Carte blanche,” the man in the red <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>mask</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"That’s for <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Malcolm</span>, <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span class="last-word">not</span>—</span></span>”</p>
      <p class="subsq">The man took off his mask. It was <span class="last-word">Malcolm</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I told you I liked to play games sometimes,” he said with that smile he stole from the devil. "<span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>Didn’t</span> <span class="last-word">I</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Malcolm…” She stared at him in shock and in horror, still pinned to the wall. "You had a <span class="last-word">beard</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Did I?” he asked, lifting his <span class="last-word">eyebrow</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You did. Was it…It had to be a fake. You fooled me. I was so sure…” The four men were likely friends of his and when they’d haggled behind her back, Malcolm had taken off his false beard and put on the red mask to trick her. And she’d been tricked, thoroughly <span class="last-word">tricked</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You saw what I wanted you to see,” he said. "The oldest magician’s <span class="last-word">trick</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Is this a trick too?” She struggled to free herself from the organ that penetrated her and his body that trapped her against <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>the</span> <span class="last-word">wall</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Oh no, this is real. This is the only thing that’s real to me,” he said. "Come <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>to</span> <span class="last-word">bed</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He pulled out of her and drew her to the waiting bed, where he threw back the covers and put her on her hands and knees on the white sheets. He stripped out of his clothes and joined her on the bed. Mona shivered with eagerness as Malcolm pushed her hair off her back and kissed her spine from the base to the nape of <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>her</span> <span class="last-word">neck</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"We won’t be needing this anymore,” he said as he gently pulled the plug from her ass. She felt far too empty the moment it was out of <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>her</span> <span class="last-word">body</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Malcolm…” She made his name a plea. Malcolm positioned his hips behind her and slowly entered her, filling the emptiness inside her. His shaft was wider than the plug but she wanted it inside her more. Mona leaned forward until her head rested on the pillow. Her ass opened up as she bent low and Malcolm was able to enter her fully. She took it all, every inch, and felt a sense of pride that she <span class="last-word">could</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You enjoyed being sold and bought,” he said as he pumped his cock into her. The strokes were long but not hard, and she could take them <span class="last-word">easily</span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I hated it,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You lie. It’s fine. I like liars. Lie all you want, my darling. I know you loved it. Your body tells me what your words <span class="last-word">don’t</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’m your slave,” <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>she</span> <span class="last-word">said</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"No. You’re my employee,” he said. "A slave has no choice. But you’re here because you want to be. Aren’t you? Admit it, Mona…admit you love being my whore,” he said as he slid in and out of her ass. No man had ever taken her in that orifice before. Only Malcolm. And only because he’d <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>paid</span> <span class="last-word">her</span></span>.</p>
      <p class="subsq">"Never,” she said. "Not in a hundred <span class="last-word">years</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"A hundred years? Is <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>that</span> <span class="last-word">all</span></span>?”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"You sold me at auction. You’re the <span class="last-word">devil</span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">"I’m not the devil, my darling,” he said, sinking his teeth into the side of her neck again like some kind of rutting beast. "The devil wants your soul. I only want <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>your</span> <span class="last-word">body</span></span>.”</p>
      <p class="subsq">He could believe that if wanted, but Mona knew the truth. If he kept fucking her like this, soon enough he would <span class="last-words-with-potential-runt"><span>own</span> <span class="last-word">both</span></span>.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
